Timothy Sackton: Okay, so our adventure tonight starts Oh, and if you cannot make your zoom names your character names just because.
Timothy Sackton: i'll forget showing kate's.
Timothy Sackton: Our adventure tonight.
Delwath: Has a.
Delwath: feature where you can not remember your name change.
Delwath: I.
Timothy Sackton: end up in a in your next meeting as di always end up with meetings with usps with my.
Delwath: end but.
Delwath: Except for D amp D and meetings with one customer.
Iascaire: By my sister and her and her partner or both, lawyers and they have a dog named maisie and they were having like a friend get together over zoom info head and they changed their screen name to macy's moms and then went into a very important player meeting with that as.
Timothy Sackton: I just show up to my meetings, but we are D amp D backgrounds.
Iascaire: Where do you do the name change have ever done.
Delwath: Just right click on your picture and say rename.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So our adventure tonight starts in a hunting camp.
Timothy Sackton: On the mountain slopes in the far north of the summer turns to autumn.
Timothy Sackton: The camps on a flat Ridge.
Timothy Sackton: In a clearing of rock where the pines of the higher elevations begin to mix mix with birches and maple leaves a variety of bright yellows and reds in this early October late.
Timothy Sackton: About 15 or so people bustle around the camp tending to tasks butchering dear setting up charcoal pits to smoke the meat.
Timothy Sackton: salting the hides to drive them for the journey back to the villages have higher elevations and keeping Watch and the western edge of the camp everybody here is where a for this camp it's only a day's journey, maybe 20 miles from the valley floor and the forest nightmares.
Timothy Sackton: one's called the forest dreams this vast woodland was home to many of the dental Chi people hundreds of years ago, before the Great War brought death and destruction to the land, but now it's cursed dangerous to travel through home too many scarred remains of battlefields.
Timothy Sackton: you've come to this camp because of newly rekindled hope that the six silent ones, the tonchi the small spirits, the gods of the dinner Chi that fell silent during the battles against shabbat may yet be found in free.
Timothy Sackton: you've recently heard rumors of these shadow armbands.
Timothy Sackton: That have been found and the rumors that these tonchi were trapped by the great dragon Jamaat during the great wars 200 years ago somehow using these armbands.
Timothy Sackton: So you have gathered here together joining forces to hope to search the last battlefields, the four places in the fourth and nightmares where tonchi fought and foul.
Timothy Sackton: And perhaps find the keys to their prisons and treat them.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, I guess, as we, as we jump into the world.
Timothy Sackton: RS day I and the askari.
Timothy Sackton: are probably sitting at the campfire as dial with approaches to meet you so maybe if we could, if everybody could describe their characters first.
Delwath: So tell with is.
Delwath: A so i'm just messing with my background.
Delwath: That with is a Elf.
Delwath: He is wearing so he comes approaching the camp guided by another that okay.
Delwath: And he seems.
Delwath: eager why he's he's been pushing to get to this camp and start this journey into the forest.
Delwath: He doesn't seem to visibly be carrying any weapons, but he's.
Delwath: He has this black Armor that has like shadows swirling around it i'm in a big black.
Delwath: Oh no wait wait wait wait he doesn't have that anymore I forgot he has totally different forget all that he's wearing a.
Delwath: He doesn't really like at first glance, he doesn't really seem to be wearing Armor at all.
Delwath: he's wearing like some like a heavy coke to sort of keep off the chill and you could see like, if you look closely that actually his.
Delwath: His outfit there's like plate or scale sort of stitched into a piece of leather that he's that he's wearing but but it doesn't at first glance appear to be.
Delwath: Armor and he's he he has a shield like song over his back again you don't see any weapons on him at all, except the shield, but the shield is this rightly painted desert shield with a with a stylized bobcat did you ever you ever make one of those images to.
Timothy Sackton: That well here, this is the best I was able to get.
Delwath: TIM was doing Ai generated shields.
Delwath: And some of them are a little weird but it's it's this like brightly painted shield with a stylized bobcat and.
Delwath: Other than that he's traveling fairly lightly.
Delwath: His his skin is sort of coppery and his hair is silver and sort of shoulder length.
Delwath: and his eyes are sort of.
Delwath: flashing with.
Delwath: Like I said eagerness to sort of continue into this journey.
Iascaire: Next.
Iascaire: So.
Iascaire: Yes, Curry is a dentist I.
Iascaire: see him he's in his 40s or 50s.
Iascaire: sort of a blazing red hair and red beard.
Iascaire: He has a.
Iascaire: Pretty intricate looking cloak and a large shield but probably apart from his like bright red hair, the thing that you would notice first, is that there's a tattoo up his arm takes the entire arm it's a sleeve and it's a sort of.
Iascaire: looks sort of like a stylized Japanese car protect you, but the fish actually sort of swims continuously around the arm and is always moving backward forward.
Iascaire: He also if you know about fishing he's also carrying a few rods and.
Iascaire: Apart from that, similarly doesn't look like he's carrying much for weaponry.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: yeah I think that's probably what you would glean immediately for him.
Aristaea: Is Notable among the camp for size being born sort of them's over the rest of the crowd although, as you said just stated at the campfire um.
Aristaea: But standing you know held up in her hand is her long spear.
Aristaea: Massive to to suit her size and her arm her.
Aristaea: stands out, you know bell caps your pride in the in the workmanship of.
Aristaea: The Armor.
Aristaea: That is.
Aristaea: You know colors of the of the fall for us, you know and.
Aristaea: Eric.
Aristaea: says a hair skin itself is this bluish Gray, so it offsets this you know golden green Armor and.
Aristaea: She is.
Aristaea: Looking very you know at ease in the forest, despite the proximity.
Aristaea: is familiar territory territory for her being around the.
Aristaea: nightmares.
Delwath: You guys broke up from there.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, I just prompting you walk up to the gap.
Delwath: I mean what's so there's a bunch of people in Camp I mean I have identified guide here right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah so I mean I think there's there's a bunch of bustle around camp right but it's but the two of them.
Timothy Sackton: Are stay and vs grey are are kind of sitting to themselves quietly and i'll and i'll say that you're.
Timothy Sackton: So, if you look at this if this map Emerald 20 is is.
Timothy Sackton: You know.
Timothy Sackton: Our state has has sort of sketched out this map and that's that's where you are.
Delwath: Okay, so I mean dealt with will come into camp sort of an look around and and sort of immediately, I presume that the two of them are like the most obvious like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and your guide and pointed them out like they're the you've heard you've heard sort of stories and fabric you've heard.
Delwath: So he'll introduce himself like just sort of simply as hell introduce himself has dealt with.
Delwath: An Elf.
Delwath: And then he'll tell you sort of a brief story about how he's recently.
Delwath: found the cause of.
Delwath: Last ones are he's recently learned that it may be possible to free the last done okay gods and that.
Delwath: he's heard that you are both interested that you are both sort of interested in the same.
Delwath: possibility.
Delwath: sort of asks what.
Delwath: sort of peace heard that you might know something about where these battlefields are and.
Delwath: He seems very.
Delwath: he's very personable like i'm not doing a good job being personable right now he's he's very like.
Delwath: He seems very animated and.
Delwath: Why can eat way he would be easy to talk to, and just sort of.
Delwath: Not like a leader, exactly, but like just he's he's clearly.
Delwath: passionate about passionate about this mission and kind of spills out in a way that that feels somewhat compelling he has a 20 Chris.
Iascaire: Are we expecting him at this or like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you you've you've heard that there's an APP you've heard that there's an Alpha and in Camp you know die within a few days and another village and so news that spread a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And that this outfit some are connected to these these armbands and that's that's why you've gathered I mean you have had some experience with these before as well, but so you've been sort of waiting waiting for him.
Timothy Sackton: This is this is sort of the news that's prompted you to kind of gather for this mission is that this alpha might have some.
Timothy Sackton: More information about what's going on.
Aristaea: The deck and the stem born coexist in this neighborhood but half I met is scary before down.
here.
Aristaea: presuppose a long history, then we have to have a.
Iascaire: long history yeah you've certainly been fish from me in the past.
Right.
Iascaire: Well, yes I.
Iascaire: I have heard a bit about these lately.
Iascaire: Actually, what appeared in my village and.
Iascaire: When a warrior touched it he banish.
Iascaire: have a sense of how to destroy them but.
Iascaire: It hasn't done any good, yes, I feel like I might be missing a piece.
Delwath: of you, we are you the one who destroyed them.
Iascaire: Yes.
Delwath: There was to destroy.
Delwath: Destroy circuits.
Delwath: You both.
Iascaire: straight.
Delwath: Down with sort of.
Delwath: bows slightly to you.
Delwath: I owe you a great debt.
Delwath: You freed me from another dimension, where I was trapped.
Iascaire: That is that is rich interesting.
Iascaire: I saw no real difference when I destroyed them, I wonder what the other one did.
Delwath: I suspect I I fell from the sky.
Delwath: thousand miles or more, the South of here.
Delwath: On the day you destroyed the circuits.
Delwath: I suspect what was her name was her name TIM.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if I wrote this.
Timothy Sackton: I don't even know if I.
Timothy Sackton: don't worry or I don't.
Delwath: worry.
Delwath: I suspect the warrior has experienced something similar.
Delwath: And it's probably somewhere on tell God.
Delwath: Hopefully surviving.
Iascaire: that's good to know, then, then there is hope.
Delwath: Yes.
Aristaea: I have seen an armband of black iron, I have not distracted.
Aristaea: I did not.
Aristaea: know that this was.
Aristaea: Common.
Delwath: Think comment is probably not the right word, but some of the great generals and.
Delwath: demons of showmance army use these to travel quickly between places like going to a shadow point where they could move quickly and then returning here and somehow these circuits will what brought them there.
Delwath: And I touched one.
Delwath: Just after the general wearing it had died in battle and use Ali, one of the last ones similarly touched for just after killing the general I just after killing a do great demon.
Delwath: And both of us ended up trapped in this.
Delwath: Other dimension trapped in this other plane.
Delwath: A realm of shadow and despair.
Delwath: till the armband was destroyed.
Delwath: is always has not been destroyed, but I hope to achieve that see.
Aristaea: Now.
Aristaea: On the battlefield where he is Ali, I think that is the armband that i'm aware of.
Aristaea: For exactly was a great hero in the dark fire.
Delwath: I suspect that if.
Delwath: We go to that battlefield and destroy that circle that they should return to this to this round.
Iascaire: By the sounds of things rule number one would be don't touch the arm bands.
Delwath: I think I would stick to whatever you did before it seems to have worked.
Iascaire: I do, yes, fire fire seems to do the trick, but it needs to be quite potent and it needs to be magic.
Delwath: I can imagine, I do not know if they still have potency to harm this long after their.
Delwath: Although wait, the warrior was recent right.
Timothy Sackton: That was like a year ago yeah.
Delwath: So yeah yeah yes.
Timothy Sackton: Your sense, just to be you know to Meta game for a minute, so you don't worry too much like if you are very near death.
Timothy Sackton: They can they can suck you away right, but you have to be like you know, have only a few hit points left.
Delwath: Right right right right.
Delwath: that's the.
system.
Delwath: I forgot to mention, we were all very near death when we touch these.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So if you're not if you still have double digit hit points you're not going to be randomly select off to a shop around just be careful about texting him if you're super on out.
Delwath: You know kids talk to.
Timothy Sackton: Dr nathaniel.
Delwath: What is it morning evening what's the.
Timothy Sackton: it's evening or late afternoon.
Delwath: Have you been into this forest of nightmares.
Delwath: I guess we're on the edge right now.
Aristaea: It is not a welcoming place but I traveled there fairly often.
Delwath: What what what brings you to such on welcoming places.
Aristaea: The hope that they can be made better that those who are currently lost their.
Aristaea: might need aid.
Delwath: How long a journey is it to this battle of.
Delwath: dark fire.
Aristaea: Of all the battlefields.
Aristaea: It is slightly for.
Delwath: I guess I guess there's four battlefields here.
yeah.
Delwath: Is this a map that like is drawn that we're working at.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, this is a map that.
Timothy Sackton: Is day I was.
Aristaea: I was, I was going to share my.
Aristaea: Experience with Sri.
Aristaea: sits near the river is, I believe.
Iascaire: yeah i've been into the forest before TIM.
Timothy Sackton: you've probably southerners to read, most of the battles were fought between these two rivers that key I and then you might say.
Timothy Sackton: you've probably been down that road, I at least just following the river, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Yet, but I don't know you could have spent some time in the forest, you probably would know that like if you spend too long in one place, like the shadows begin to gather.
Timothy Sackton: So you have to keep moving.
Iascaire: Right and I could have I could be the rivers sort of surround forest and on the other side it's not.
Iascaire: Of course, there are no.
Timothy Sackton: On the other side of north of that so op is North north of the key I it's still bad south of the yumoto it it eventually the land begins to slow up again and you get back to somewhat safer territory.
Timothy Sackton: But most of where you would have finished would be East on this map like up further upstream.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah from the from the battle of of the River battle, the southern most one it's probably about 3040 miles to the to lake where it starts to get safer again yeah.
Iascaire: yeah i'll say I have very little need to venture deep into the forest, but I have fished these rivers for 40 years and.
Iascaire: know that area at least it's not a place to be taken lightly.
Delwath: Perhaps we should at least wait till morning then venture.
rested.
agree.
Timothy Sackton: So also Meta game, I mean technically by D amp D rules if you go a night without sleeping you risk exhaustion but like 10th level adventures, that seems.
Timothy Sackton: A bit pointlessly difficult, you can go at least three nights without even having to make concepts.
Timothy Sackton: Just in case you end up traveling further.
Delwath: Right it's quite it's quite we have horses with horses be.
Timothy Sackton: Courses aren't going to make a goat make you go.
Faster it's too.
Timothy Sackton: But our stairs Pike does like keep the forest.
Timothy Sackton: away, you know it's basically let the magically ignore difficult terrain, so you can at least move at a normal pace, you can do.
Timothy Sackton: 20 to 30 miles a day in eight hours that you could certainly go travel for longer than eight hours.
Timothy Sackton: I mean again you're all pretty high level adventures, and to have you have nature can nature connection so.
Timothy Sackton: Years you've trapped, you can travel and forests more efficiently than a normal person could yeah.
Aristaea: So I understand that now, now that you've mentioned us all the I understand that you are particularly interested in the.
Aristaea: battle of dark fire site, you see that we are currently here on this map you see that we are currently closer to the.
Yes.
Aristaea: And i'm that town also when I passed by it cries out for help it's.
Aristaea: I won't say haunted per se but it's sort of timeless the mired I it's, though, I see a sign of.
Aristaea: habitation ragged old closing want to dry, or you know.
Aristaea: bones by the fire, it seems like there's a residue of village life but it's all death and decay.
Delwath: What else go there for.
me.
Delwath: I think there is.
Delwath: enough.
Delwath: I think all all of these battle sites are worth visiting if we can we can free.
Delwath: More than one last God.
Delwath: or anything else we can do to bring peace to these places.
Delwath: Is.
Delwath: I imagine hundreds of years ago for you, but for me this battle was like.
Delwath: Last year.
Delwath: feels quite.
Recent.
Delwath: So certainly anything we can do to heal the land is.
Delwath: worthwhile.
Iascaire: How long you've been trapped for hundreds of years.
Delwath: Since the battle.
Delwath: This, I was not in one of these battles, I was further to the south, with a company of elves were all killed save me.
Delwath: But.
Delwath: about the same time as these battles.
Delwath: And it's been only.
Delwath: eight seven months now, about a year.
Timothy Sackton: Since little more than a year.
Delwath: A little more than a year since.
Delwath: it's been about a year since I escaped the entrapment.
Delwath: So, several hundred years trapped, which some days feels like 1000 days feels like.
Delwath: it's not a good place to be trapped.
Iascaire: realizing.
Delwath: shadows of the worst things of your life.
Iascaire: surprised you're.
Iascaire: As personable as you are, after all that time alone.
Delwath: wow.
Delwath: Alex you know.
Delwath: We live a long time.
Delwath: 200 years as not as long as you think to.
True.
Timothy Sackton: So was there anything else you want to do in the camp this evening.
Timothy Sackton: will say you set out the next morning.
Delwath: yep.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you descend.
Timothy Sackton: The slight slow down in sort of following.
Timothy Sackton: Our stay as directions.
Timothy Sackton: towards this battle site.
Timothy Sackton: where you are where you are now like where did the camp is you know you hear sounds of.
Timothy Sackton: You know, animals and you know general.
Timothy Sackton: The noise of the forest in.
Timothy Sackton: In fall.
Timothy Sackton: As you as you descend.
Timothy Sackton: into the forest of nightmares the sounds gradually stop.
Timothy Sackton: And after you've been traveling for maybe half a day.
Timothy Sackton: Going maybe 15 miles or so it's completely quiet there's no not even any insects moving about it it's feels.
Timothy Sackton: Just just the trees occasionally creaking in the wind is the only sound that you hear.
Timothy Sackton: And every now and then you catch a glimpse out of the corner of your eye that there's you know something something moving some shadow moves slightly from you know from it's.
Timothy Sackton: In the corner of your eye just from behind the tree and then you look at it and it vanishes but you can't shake the feeling that there's.
Timothy Sackton: things moving in the woods.
Timothy Sackton: So it'll take you.
Timothy Sackton: moving at a reasonably good clip it'll take you until say the middle of the afternoon assuming an early start to get to this battlefield.
Delwath: Okay, when we're like.
Delwath: I don't know a mile away or something.
Delwath: well.
Delwath: Our state has been here before right like are we expecting something to jump out us when we get there.
Aristaea: In things to jump out at me in this for us occasionally.
Aristaea: But not particularly more.
Aristaea: At the battlefields.
Aristaea: It feels.
Aristaea: Like I said dead village.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you approach is there anything you want to do.
Delwath: um.
Delwath: I don't I think just approach cautiously, but I don't I don't think.
Delwath: I don't have any specific.
Iascaire: If if we see things we'd like to avoid I can make us hard to detect.
Delwath: How far away, are we.
Timothy Sackton: Say you're sort of maybe a mile or two away at this point.
Delwath: I think I.
Delwath: will wait till we get a little closer to do anything.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as you approach to sort of come see out.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Timothy Sackton: Are these are you seeing the map.
Iascaire: yeah a village.
Iascaire: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you see this is this is kind of what you see coming from the coming from the.
Timothy Sackton: The East so well throw your.
Timothy Sackton: characters on here.
Timothy Sackton: And you can put yourself in whatever order makes sense, but this is the you know the the village, as you approach it looks.
Timothy Sackton: So it looks like.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's it looks sort of, like the other villages you've been in the village that that you live in.
Timothy Sackton: He asked Gray it's you know oh it's a series of buildings clustered around the Center agreeing with like low patched rules, but the rules are mostly gone.
Timothy Sackton: You know that there's holes in the wall, so you can see in the trees are growing up around and.
Timothy Sackton: You know you let's see.
Timothy Sackton: The Oscar you would have noticed as you're approaching like you pass through you've past past like much more decayed building, just like a bit of a stone wall or something like that, for the past five minutes or so.
Timothy Sackton: But these this one sort of Center cluster seems, for whatever reason to be better preserved.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: The tree and that there's this bit so a lot of these dedicated villages have agreed, and they have a tree with an altar and they often like hey offerings to the to the tonchi to the gods on this tree this tree is completely dead.
Timothy Sackton: But the altar is still there and otherwise looks kind of what you would expect the sort of setup of a village to be.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't you don't see any movement or anything in the village, but the The thing that strikes you the thing that's That is our state has noticed before and that you.
Timothy Sackton: You particularly.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, grey would notice is that you know there's like a clothesline strong from you know from this building to this tree right which.
Timothy Sackton: could not have lasted 200 years right it's just a piece of rope right and there's you know but there's nothing hanging off of it and there's about what looks like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a fire pit.
Timothy Sackton: Where bones have been piled and somebody is like try it looks like somebody smoking me but there's no meat to smoke and there's no fuel to produce a fire it's like you, you see little things around the village like little echoes of.
Timothy Sackton: village life but that are somehow.
Timothy Sackton: twisted and.
Timothy Sackton: sort of it not not actual village life pale shadow we actually.
Iascaire: Have you seen these before.
Iascaire: These.
Iascaire: twisted versions, it looks like someone's here, but not.
Aristaea: At this place seems, as I said.
Aristaea: hunted and not at peace, I do not know what lives here.
Aristaea: Would either of you care for.
Aristaea: me to.
Aristaea: evoke the mountain and if you a protective blessing.
Aristaea: i'm not sure if either of you feels so strong such a thing would be no use for it, he would.
Aristaea: Given piece is.
Aristaea: Energy.
Delwath: I don't I would never say no to a protective blessing.
Iascaire: Yes, same for me.
Delwath: i'm della also you see a sort of peers in his hands.
Delwath: it's actually it's like slightly there's like shadows kind of twirling around it, but, otherwise, it looks like a.
Delwath: very finely made elvidge sword and a shield is out like he's clearly prepared to fight with it sort of shield, but he didn't draw the shield from anywhere it just appeared call the storage from anywhere just appeared.
Iascaire: When I see you preparing I will bring my shield up as well and I withdraw from my belt a tiny little filling knife very flexible blade.
Iascaire: Does it look like it would you very much.
Delwath: yep.
Delwath: Are you and guess.
Timothy Sackton: Who are you can you can only cast on one person.
Aristaea: I know I know.
Aristaea: i'm.
Aristaea: I was gonna.
Aristaea: I was, but I was sort of hinting at was I don't know this party is either of the lower the air class or anything like that we are pretty Lucy.
Iascaire: i'm i'm busier than I look for sure.
Aristaea: I think i'm gonna bust out with that I don't think he's here with me looks.
Delwath: um yeah that Dallas is reasonably beefy but I mean he doesn't.
Delwath: yeah I don't know who has better wisdom, who has better I probably mostly wisdom saves.
Delwath: For.
Iascaire: But yeah so i'm a DRUID so my wisdoms quite right.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, if you stay close to.
Timothy Sackton: To RS day you get plus three to all your saves.
Timothy Sackton: And you have resistance to damage from spells.
Iascaire: How close.
Timothy Sackton: Within 10 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So two squares, as long as you're no more than two squares away.
Delwath: Here in Toronto area attacks perfect.
Iascaire: yeah right.
Aristaea: well.
Timothy Sackton: The trick with paladin right you got to choose, if you want to.
Delwath: Be yep.
You can't do that.
Iascaire: They tend that that knife counts is my focus at this point right.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Can you can you see the blue are around.
Iascaire: No.
No.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me.
Timothy Sackton: Do a.
Aristaea: DEMO with you can't be dumbed frames are possessed by certain types of features right.
Delwath: yeah I see the spell showed up and did you.
Timothy Sackton: See the blue are.
Iascaire: Yours on.
Timothy Sackton: As long as you're within that aura you get the plus three to saves and resisting the damage from spells.
Iascaire: have encountered slowly.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yes, this happened counts, so that square counts.
yeah.
Iascaire: we'll have.
Timothy Sackton: that one does not count.
Timothy Sackton: that's like.
Aristaea: Teaching with half was in Grad school.
Timothy Sackton: Trying to turn a quarter into a half.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so wait wait who's going where.
Timothy Sackton: there's all sorts of secrets on this map, so you can just move your token so I know what you trigger.
Delwath: um I mean, I think we should.
Delwath: investigate let's let's investigate this.
Aristaea: First ruin to the top yeah your way that were that close line is I forget.
Timothy Sackton: Their clothes line is is here.
Delwath: yeah let's see what's in the first doorway I think that's the top.
Delwath: Up up here.
Okay.
Delwath: I think we'll stick together right.
Iascaire: Yes.
Iascaire: we'll just assume that until combat starts we're hanging.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so as.
Timothy Sackton: As nothing happens to go with but.
Timothy Sackton: As the rest of you pass down this passageway and turn into this building.
Timothy Sackton: let's see can.
Delwath: I assume, to my sword is not blow it.
Timothy Sackton: Now you're starting to not going can RSA and his car he he asked her I make wisdoms saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: Where the or plus three.
Iascaire: is taking a minute on my little leggy with the.
Timothy Sackton: No, no that's weird.
Iascaire: Sorry, one second see if I can play soccer something.
Delwath: Are you using the digital dice.
Iascaire: It seems like it, you know how to turn them on.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You got if you click on your character character builder and then click on.
Timothy Sackton: Here I just turned it off for you.
Delwath: You can also just click on your picture.
And then.
Timothy Sackton: So you've got 17 okay.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: Our stairs eyes sort of glaze over slightly and.
Timothy Sackton: You are currently incapacitated and hold on one SEC.
Timothy Sackton: where's my target.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: emerging from zoom a little bit kind of kind of standing up from a corner, as the two of you sort of step through this doorway.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Our stay as eyes kind of glaze over and she and she likes stops moving suddenly you see kind of like pulling itself out of the shadows and was detaching from the wall i'm a.
Timothy Sackton: creature of sorts that looks it looks it's it has almost no face it just has sort of eyes in shadows and it has.
Timothy Sackton: whoops where's my dice here.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't need its eyes are like black end and sort of like it's almost like a can't see it all there like just.
Timothy Sackton: But it's got these two giant like hooks for arms and it's kind of looking around sort of sniffing at you like lifting up one of these like giant sort of almost harpoon arms right and kind of sort of lumbering forward.
Timothy Sackton: I, I think, for this is probably going to be easier to just run it without initiative.
Timothy Sackton: So I will let you get the jump on it well.
Timothy Sackton: If you want it, depending on what you want to do it so far hasn't it's just kind of stood up from the shadows and sort of started to lumber towards you.
Timothy Sackton: In the meantime, our staff you.
Timothy Sackton: are having.
Timothy Sackton: A flashback nightmare.
Timothy Sackton: memory, the village and i'll just I don't want to take the time to like send you a message and then have you stay at, so I would just say the village.
Timothy Sackton: seems to come alive for you you're watching not.
Timothy Sackton: The village now, but the village hundreds of years ago.
Timothy Sackton: The there's a like a whole the Center Green is completely filled with warriors preparing for battle.
Timothy Sackton: You can see like a priest like standing and sort of praying over people.
Timothy Sackton: You can see what looks like the scene of you know of people getting themselves ready to fight when i'm like all around the village you start you see these like just shadows beginning, you know black shadows begin to expand and.
Timothy Sackton: hob goblins come pouring out of these shadows like hundreds, thousands of them and coming out flying on a.
Timothy Sackton: Massive beast something like a cross between a BAT and a lizard with wings, you see what looks like the commander.
Timothy Sackton: Of the hub goblins and, as you watch you see that there's demons that seem to be mixed in with the hub goblins and as these portals open and the hobgoblin stream out the warriors don't fight, they just put their weapons down and sit on the ground and just kind of wait to be slaughtered.
Timothy Sackton: The only one who's still standing is the priests, the god color of the village who turns into a giant rock and flies off to battle with this wizard.
Timothy Sackton: And that's when.
Timothy Sackton: your eyes snap open.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that the wizard that this giant rock is battling.
Timothy Sackton: As the battle begins with you can see clearly the wizard is wearing one of these iron.
Timothy Sackton: dark shadow armbands around it's the hobgoblin wizard around his waist and every time around it's hard and every time this rock this giant eagle lake rock creature, that the god color turn into strikes.
Timothy Sackton: With its claws like frost begins to spread out from all of the wounds that it's leaving on this beast.
Timothy Sackton: But then your eyes snap open in the meantime dealt with, and yes, great what are you guys doing.
Delwath: A creature his eyes are totally black and what I mean is it corporeal is it like a zombie.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it looks it looks more zombie ish I would say it's definitely.
Timothy Sackton: corporeal in some sense but it's not it's not like a zombie it doesn't look like a dead body, it looks like almost shadow me slash.
Timothy Sackton: Like it's like there's a sort of um.
Timothy Sackton: it's a morpheus like it's almost like it's form isn't solid every time it every time it shifts or it moves like little bits of its body shift a little, the only thing that seems to be solid are these two massive harpoon arms.
Iascaire: And I.
Iascaire: I would summon my my spirit next to it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Iascaire: Before you run in perhaps.
Iascaire: If you don't want to get some fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, how much weight that's a deck save.
Iascaire: Yes, it's a deck safe 17.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Iascaire: Anyone with.
Timothy Sackton: That file, so how much damage does it take.
To be six.
Iascaire: Which is seven.
Iascaire: Okay.
Iascaire: So a fiery coin erupts from the ground and as it erupts it engulfs this shadow and flame.
Iascaire: And that'll be that'll, be it for me.
Delwath: i'll walk over you like Is it safe to to charge this guy.
Iascaire: I know.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: i'll charge and attack.
Delwath: I see my 26 hits.
yeah.
Delwath: That doesn't add my.
Timothy Sackton: The extra radian.
Delwath: yeah so nine damage.
Delwath: For the first attack and then dealt with will swing again.
Timothy Sackton: that's obviously.
What.
Delwath: So 21 damage so total damage.
Delwath: That was just slices out with a song twice now the hits it with the sword like.
Delwath: Energy kind of crackles along the blade and strikes like strikes the creature as well.
Timothy Sackton: So it it kind of looks up almost mournfully and let's see the wildfire spirit and go with me to make wisdom saving throws.
Delwath: I assume it's not charm or.
Delwath: possession nope.
Delwath: or disease.
Timothy Sackton: Plus to wisdom.
Iascaire: Somehow its ruling but dive for my wildfire spirit but not me anymore.
Timothy Sackton: it's just a Wendy 20 plus two.
Iascaire: yeah see what what gets there first.
Delwath: You turn off animated dice that there we go.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm a man is going to reach out with its heart proven arm.
Timothy Sackton: And it well.
Timothy Sackton: just send this thing this like little spear on the end of the harpoon flying towards down.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a 25 to hit.
Delwath: Like.
Timothy Sackton: sticks into down with in it, it.
Timothy Sackton: begins to sort of real you no you take.
Timothy Sackton: You take 23 points of piercing damage.
Timothy Sackton: And it begins to reel you in and you need to make another wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: You feel that sort of wave of like.
Timothy Sackton: Blank loneliness.
Timothy Sackton: slide over you.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: And you take another eight points of.
Timothy Sackton: eight points of psychic damage.
Timothy Sackton: And it begins to sort of pull you into it's a brace.
Timothy Sackton: At this point now yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: I asked her a returns from her.
Timothy Sackton: brief moment of seeing and it's jarring like you were seeing the battle beginning to play out in front of you, and then suddenly you're back to the ruined village.
Aristaea: shakes her head and looks around and sees that dealt with engaged with this creature and.
Aristaea: Steps in with her.
Aristaea: With her Pike to.
Aristaea: attack.
Aristaea: And do I do the attack and then the smite or this maintenance, the attack it doesn't matter.
Timothy Sackton: The attack, first, to see if you had.
Timothy Sackton: Okay might not want to waste smites unless you feel you need to just because.
Timothy Sackton: You only get those back when you get along were asked.
Timothy Sackton: that Mrs though a 13.
Aristaea: Alright, so I won't bother following up.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you get to attacks.
Aristaea: Oh, thank you, oh that's nice yeah i'll try again then.
Timothy Sackton: That also miss those.
Delwath: shirts was not 13.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, this is why initiative with useful, so it went, then you went, then it went then ERIs day I went so.
Delwath: Now it's back to you.
Iascaire: yeah I think I I went first you want to keep that.
Timothy Sackton: yep sure.
Iascaire: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it doesn't look that I mean it doesn't look very healthy like Dallas attacks did a lot of damage to.
Timothy Sackton: slide clearly bloodied.
Iascaire: Wonderful I will.
Iascaire: Do a produce blame.
Aristaea: must have been closer than I am to hit it with.
Timothy Sackton: No 10 foot reach with your Pike and.
Aristaea: can see me.
Iascaire: And all of my.
Iascaire: All of that yeah sorry that's yes Okay, and all my fire spells get an extra 38 on it, that is.
Timothy Sackton: 15 fire that's.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly how many points that have left.
Timothy Sackton: So with this burst of fire it um it collapses, and you see a little.
Timothy Sackton: Am I getting this right, you see a little.
Timothy Sackton: flicker and flickering of fire.
Timothy Sackton: As it collapses right you get to do something when when a creature dies.
Iascaire: He saw a little so that big fire that i've just sent out of my hands and golf said it crashes to the ground and just like a little sort of wispy looking flame is sitting over top.
Timothy Sackton: I say I guess that's side you, you can only do it four times per long grass, so you don't know need to have not trying to force you to use it, I thought it was automatics.
Iascaire: Right Well, no, he took some damage so i'll say yeah i'll say done with you can step step into that it will it will heal you.
Delwath: Okay i'll i'll.
Delwath: step into it.
Iascaire: So that is.
Timothy Sackton: 2d 10 plus plus.
Iascaire: five plus a da.
Timothy Sackton: da.
Iascaire: Oh, I guess that's not a spell is it that would be.
Timothy Sackton: No, no yeah it doesn't count for a year, it your emboldening your.
Iascaire: It doesn't help with your head.
Timothy Sackton: hands bond doesn't help.
Timothy Sackton: Because it's not a spell it just.
Iascaire: Just.
Iascaire: Just today, plus 1016 back.
Delwath: That is very useful, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: And as you as you step into this flame guy with you set you feel for a moment you feel this sort of wave of deep sadness and you, you feel the the memories or the spirit of something some.
Timothy Sackton: warrior long ago, looking at these looking at hobgoblin starting to come out of this shadow around i'm seeing.
Timothy Sackton: The spirits of the tonchi begin to inhabit the god color and him to transform into this giant beast and then just this wave of despair and then blackness nothingness until this moment when you when you feel the spirit sort of being released into the afterlife.
Timothy Sackton: By the by them cleansing magic of.
Timothy Sackton: yesterday.
Timothy Sackton: As it heals you.
Iascaire: can do that, a few more times before we sleep.
Iascaire: Or if it's an enemy enter static take some damage as well, so it's.
Iascaire: A little help or a little hurt depending on.
Delwath: What search this I mean this is like open it's kind of like it looks yet right like open to the trees and things.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Delwath: But did this creature emerged from anything, is there a grave here or anything like that.
Delwath: It just.
Timothy Sackton: It came from, like the shadows in this corner.
Timothy Sackton: Your best intuition, is probably a dead body.
Delwath: weight.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I mean it.
Timothy Sackton: wasn't yours, the dead body is.
Delwath: Not i'm not gonna look like.
Delwath: But wait yeah there's not I mean is there, like disturbed earth or.
Delwath: Or is it just there's not a great.
Timothy Sackton: there's not a grave no.
Iascaire: Do we get a sense, whether that spirit was delta Chi or hotdogs or something different.
Timothy Sackton: tenor Chi probably but curse somehow.
Right.
Delwath: Is there anything else in the mean is there anything else in the 30 you know what all is there any magic.
Timothy Sackton: If you take 10 minutes to.
Timothy Sackton: get something ritual the protection for.
Delwath: that's true.
Timothy Sackton: Evil and good will end.
Delwath: yeah let's let's keep going, but maybe let's not spend a lot of time here that's a good point.
Aristaea: it's nothing obvious to see except for destroyed ruins and.
Aristaea: The creature, we thought and.
Delwath: Should we.
Delwath: investigate the next house.
Aristaea: Do we perceive anything just looking around just checking.
Timothy Sackton: A quick check make everybody can make perception checks.
Timothy Sackton: This isn't like a long thorough search, so you know.
Timothy Sackton: check, but a quick look.
Iascaire: That 20.
Timothy Sackton: Nice ah so um.
Timothy Sackton: let's say.
Timothy Sackton: I asked her at you're still.
Timothy Sackton: you're sorry I keep mixing up the two of your names pretty similar yes caray and.
Aristaea: era stay.
Timothy Sackton: There stay yeah asked her a an error stay.
Timothy Sackton: There stay you're still kind of shaken by your your vision and distracted and I don't notice anything i'm.
Timothy Sackton: same with Dallas but um yeah ask Ray you do actually see it looks like i'm actually sort of in the in that shadowy corner that's now flooded with light from from Dallas spell.
Timothy Sackton: The earth is not disturb it's not like this thing came out of have.
Timothy Sackton: It didn't wait clots way out of a grave or something like that, but the floor slopes up slightly and there's like a few Mounds there like there's something that you know, like the layers of dirt have piled up over something in this quarter.
Iascaire: i've pointed out, and I say.
Iascaire: Do you think it's worth.
Iascaire: digging at this maybe with a long pole of some kind or another.
Aristaea: I could poke it with my fake.
Iascaire: give it the old pipe broke.
yeah.
Delwath: It probably is.
Aristaea: noticed.
Timothy Sackton: It takes a bit of time, but you use it takes a couple minutes to like bonnaroo a bit of dirt and that's what seems to emerge is like not just one skeleton but there's like a pile of maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 1015 skeletons here, he look human from a quick glance, and it seems like the earth and the floor must have come up over 200 years like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, a foot or something like that, so these were bodies that were just lying out but have been buried by just the accumulation of dirt over the past couple hundred years.
Delwath: I think we should give them a proper proper burial, but maybe we should scout the rest of the town first before we.
Delwath: take the time to do that, especially given the spells duration.
Aristaea: It will give them a.
Aristaea: promise of return to their.
Aristaea: respective bodies and spirits and move on.
Iascaire: hey agree.
Iascaire: The other, this will be.
Iascaire: terribly common place here.
Yes.
Aristaea: towards the city Center or across to the other little enclosure.
Delwath: i'd go just directly South first.
Delwath: me dealt with can go in first and see if there's anything, given his protection.
Delwath: Wait 10 data should I should have had disadvantage on attacks against me.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Delwath: If it was on dead.
Timothy Sackton: Oh right I forgot about protection me.
Timothy Sackton: i'll remember that next time.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
Delwath: No it's okay I kind of remember to.
Delwath: um but I mean, given the protection spell I it's not like would dealt with by if you could stay within 10 feet, so that I get your safe bonus for a non but then.
Timothy Sackton: As as dealt with and.
Timothy Sackton: Not dollar sorry as.
Timothy Sackton: Our stay and, yes, great exit the this building and cross across the path the other build and make another wisdom safe but.
Timothy Sackton: With the plus with the plus three.
won't.
Iascaire: Even take it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, as you as you walk at you.
Timothy Sackton: Stay I just feel a brief shiver of sort of.
Timothy Sackton: loneliness.
Timothy Sackton: But this time, you asked her you are, you are pulled into this vision and you see the same scene, that our staff saw this battle, starting everybody sort of laying down their.
Timothy Sackton: their arms and then this fight between the.
Timothy Sackton: Between the this rock with it's freezing its talons that spread frost every time they strike, and this BAT lizard beings to the wizard on top as like demons and shadows begin to stream across the village and the and the dedicated just surrender and give up.
Timothy Sackton: But the steam doesn't progress any further than what.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: Our staff saw.
Timothy Sackton: From what she told me.
Timothy Sackton: And you are also incapacitated for around.
Timothy Sackton: Dallas.
Timothy Sackton: As you step in this.
Iascaire: Building seems empty.
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
Delwath: i'll just take a minute to just quickly check out, I mean with dark phase right, I have Derek Fisher.
yeah.
Delwath: Like just check out the corners and take a quick look, but I won't take long.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, nothing seems to emerge from here.
Delwath: any signs of a walk for the same.
Timothy Sackton: Now that you know what you're looking for, yes, you do also see.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not a giant pile of bodies, you see, about like six or so individually, you know, but you know dead bodies kind of scattered across the floor, but not all piled up in one place.
Delwath: Okay i'll come back out and report back basically.
Timothy Sackton: Again, I saw.
Delwath: This vision, where was the was everybody, just like in.
Delwath: Where was the bad.
seems.
Timothy Sackton: The battle was like mostly in the town Square.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that's where you mean you are seeing across like looking West.
Aristaea: For the battle.
Delwath: yeah.
Iascaire: Let me yeah.
Why not.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, as you as you begin to approach this town square right about there you hear the sort of low wailing sound coming from the Center of the.
Timothy Sackton: The Center of the village you couldn't it was it's very quiet like you couldn't really hear it until you're within about 30 feet of it, but it seems to be coming from maybe behind the dead tree sort of this like very low.
Timothy Sackton: More a more like a whale of despair, then it's not really a haunting sound right it's like.
Timothy Sackton: A whale of you know, some kind of pain and despair not not like ooh.
Timothy Sackton: But it seems to be coming from around the tree.
Delwath: um.
Delwath: We can't really see behind the tree right.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see behind the tree from where you are.
Iascaire: Are there any offerings on the.
Iascaire: on the altar did you say.
Timothy Sackton: There are no no offerings.
Delwath: there's no, you said before there's like no animal life here right.
Timothy Sackton: No animal life whatsoever.
Iascaire: The plan sort of looked like we see there's some stuff.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah yeah there's definitely plants around the.
Timothy Sackton: Forest itself still grows somehow.
Timothy Sackton: they're they're probably when there's no flower I don't know if there's flowers on this battle map, but you wouldn't see any flowers or anything like that, I mean it's fall anyway, but.
Iascaire: Should we sort of repeat the last house check we move keep.
Iascaire: yeah yeah in range and then.
Delwath: yeah let's just like.
Delwath: cautiously kind of go.
Delwath: This way, like keeping devil's try and stay in front, but also stay with her.
Timothy Sackton: Guy ah do any of you have any of the anything that keeps you from being.
Timothy Sackton: So I will say actually.
Timothy Sackton: given your positive perception, I asked her and you notice, as you begin, as you sort of come around here there is like a faint there's like on the backside of the tree here there's like a sort of hidden behind it's thick trunk but moving in like a in like a sort of.
Timothy Sackton: As almost as if it's like repeatedly sort of bowing down to the tree.
Timothy Sackton: Some sort of.
Timothy Sackton: ghostly spirit.
Timothy Sackton: That seems to be hovering there, and as you as you come around it catches down with and.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: and stay by surprise.
Timothy Sackton: But the ask grey you notice that and rather than run and normal surprised I don't just say you you, you get the jump on it, you can go first and then it will go before.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have to attack, I mean there's no it hasn't made any hot to lose your just noticing it before but else.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be the source of the moaning.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: I will.
Iascaire: I will point it out and say.
Iascaire: It looks like that's where the sounds coming from.
Iascaire: On my turn I will take a piece of.
Iascaire: smoked fish from my cloak and place it on the altar beside me.
Iascaire: And if the.
Iascaire: If the creature sort of makes an aggressive motion toward us, I will ready an action for my fish to teleport me.
Iascaire: away.
Timothy Sackton: Okay um.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: When you do that actually it moves it moves towards the altar where you place the smoke fash and it like kind of kind of looks at it, and it tries to sort of REACH reach down and pick it up, but it can't it has no solid form it just walk straight through the tree.
Timothy Sackton: And it puts his hand straight through the.
Timothy Sackton: straight through the altar and this like wave of.
Timothy Sackton: stuff suffering leaps from at and.
Timothy Sackton: They asked Gray, you need to make a wisdoms David.
Timothy Sackton: With plus three so that's basically knowing you're going to fail this.
Iascaire: One once I get that now again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's a 3131 and palate is our kind of busted.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: So nothing happens just you feel this wave of sorrow.
Timothy Sackton: That encounter based around wisdom saving throw it doesn't work very well for a DRUID and about and.
Iascaire: Right is it a.
Iascaire: Do I feel like it is hostile now that it's tried to.
Timothy Sackton: use it almost no it's not acting hostile it feels almost involuntary.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Iascaire: yeah, this is just a something that's going out from it.
Iascaire: i'll keep the fish, for it is just gonna grab some chips.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Do it and our Stat if you've seen this happen you've seen it emerged the Oscar I pointed out toward me to.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem to it seems to be trying, you know it's trying to reach this this fish but otherwise.
Timothy Sackton: hard to know what it's doing.
Timothy Sackton: So where do you where do you want to do.
Aristaea: Christian plants.
Delwath: it's not a prayer didn't it came around, but it was really approaching the altar not.
Not yeah us.
Delwath: there.
Delwath: And kind of just look at it for a minute like and see does it does it react to coming closer to it.
Timothy Sackton: not particularly.
Timothy Sackton: it's it's attention, it seems, the only thing it seems to have really noticed is the offering that you ask right placed on the altar.
Delwath: I am also going to place a small bit of food on the altar.
Timothy Sackton: Our staff.
Aristaea: yeah.
Aristaea: yeah well listen that I have food too so sure.
Timothy Sackton: So, so, as this is all happening um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah is there anything so I should say if there's anything else you want to do.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, Greg.
Timothy Sackton: it's still like doing this sort of repetitive motion sort of reaching through the altar has the additional offerings are placed on.
Timothy Sackton: us to move closer right.
Aristaea: Perhaps we can the perhaps whatever will release the soul.
Aristaea: We can find guidance for elsewhere, I don't see.
Aristaea: I mean, is there anything magical about the altar or the tree that this being as tethered here.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard to say for sure.
Iascaire: me i'm.
Iascaire: I say.
Iascaire: it's not a small feat, but there's a chance, I could cause this tree to bloom again.
Iascaire: Do you think that could be connected.
Delwath: hey it could.
Iascaire: Jim do I do, I have a sense of whether plant growth would.
Iascaire: would affect a tree that looks like this.
Timothy Sackton: i'm micah wisdom check.
See.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean.
Timothy Sackton: it's your senses it's it's it's not nestle you know.
Timothy Sackton: That the tree is clearly dad but.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: You know these you've spent you spent all your life like you know.
Timothy Sackton: passing through villages that have similar trees like this and you know.
Timothy Sackton: It.
Timothy Sackton: You think it could be done, but there's not a guarantee of success.
Iascaire: Right.
Timothy Sackton: it's definitely possible, but it would be a stretch, for your for your magic and it would.
Timothy Sackton: It would not be guaranteed to work.
Iascaire: And what it is, is the tree like associated generally with the altar or is it just like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so they're just they're associated with for sure right, so the trees are all like these, like coppice trees like where they chop the trunks and there's like lots of trunks and they grow bigger and bigger like the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Like those folks that have you know 100 branches that spread out so they're they're very they're like.
Timothy Sackton: tended and manicured trees that are sort of part of the whole sort of village green altar.
Iascaire: sure.
Iascaire: Okay um.
Iascaire: If I do if I do cast this spell it will make walking a little bit more difficult in the area.
Iascaire: For about as far as you can see, in that direction.
Iascaire: Should should we investigate a little further before we.
mean.
Delwath: Why don't we, I mean if if this creature isn't really trying to.
Delwath: not moving towards us yeah, why not investigate the rest of the houses like let's go check out.
Timothy Sackton: So again, as you as you sort of are having this conversation now another sort of wave of of sorrow passes through you, and now it passes through all of you, so I need everybody to make a wisdom safe.
Iascaire: wow.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So down.
Timothy Sackton: You take another you take 22 points of psychic damage and for a moment you feel like you're back in the shadow realm.
Timothy Sackton: And then, then your vision becomes the clear and you, you feel like the pain you feel memories from.
Timothy Sackton: from many people all sorts of crashing together like this sort of sense of despair, fear and then sort of nothingness and then you see again the the god color turned into this giant rock fighting and you feel.
Timothy Sackton: You feel it's.
Timothy Sackton: What you feel like our it's memories.
Timothy Sackton: Fighting this giant beast spells blasting eventually falling crashing to the ground.
Timothy Sackton: The paint this like searing pain of the landing of the wizard touching you and something happening and then.
Timothy Sackton: The wizard You see, like in the corner of your eye the wizard running.
Timothy Sackton: away from the treat like where you are standing right about here is where the.
Timothy Sackton: is where you crashed, and then the wizard is running in.
Timothy Sackton: The wizard is direction.
Delwath: With the wizard is the creature, that the god card was fighting.
Timothy Sackton: Or the guy was to the.
Timothy Sackton: Whether it's running in this direction.
Timothy Sackton: or this direction sort of a way to the West.
Timothy Sackton: And then you're sort of suddenly flashed back and the the ghostly spirit now is staring staring directly at you, and you can sort of you can sort of see now that it's.
Timothy Sackton: It almost has a.
Timothy Sackton: hint of us face sort of.
Timothy Sackton: Its ghostly like again it's form is not solid but it's kind of wrapped.
Timothy Sackton: wrapped in a cloak and you, you catch almost a double image of it.
Timothy Sackton: And the god color you saw fighting super important list.
Timothy Sackton: And then it kind of.
Timothy Sackton: drops down and goes back to trying to pick up the.
Timothy Sackton: things on the altar.
Delwath: Thank you.
Iascaire: so good.
Aristaea: I yeah I see dealt with reeling and.
Aristaea: REACH over to where my arm and arm yeah I reached out bring cast care worms.
Delwath: yeah that that that would be wildly helpful.
Iascaire: i've just rewriting my spell and I don't actually have to affect all the land, so I could just cast it on the trio.
Delwath: I think we should, I think we should go follow the wizard.
Iascaire: Where does it go.
Delwath: wow over here or over here, but I would go check out this space.
Aristaea: At the end of the clearing.
Iascaire: yeah and perhaps we should give this spirit of white birth.
Delwath: yeah so like let's head, you know, like that.
Delwath: And relatively quickly, so we don't get hit by another burst of sadness.
sure.
Aristaea: Not cross the threshold to her all together.
Timothy Sackton: Right okay ah, as you as you head in this direction.
Timothy Sackton: He asked her a make another wisdoms they make girl.
Timothy Sackton: So you can see into this building, this is a bigger building than the rest and the roof has been completely destroyed it looks almost like some.
Timothy Sackton: Some, like large thing collapse, the roof, so when you're looking in you can see, like this, this year is like collapsed roof and it's like things are buried underneath the collapsed roof.
Delwath: Things are buried under it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's by what I mean by that is like it's it's not just laying on the ground it's like.
Timothy Sackton: Turkey piled up.
Delwath: So let's like that will go in like two there and just see what I see.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you see.
Timothy Sackton: Another one of these.
Timothy Sackton: You see another one of these creatures.
Timothy Sackton: by merging this one has only one arm instead of two.
Timothy Sackton: And then another one.
Timothy Sackton: Next to.
Timothy Sackton: This one.
Timothy Sackton: This one is missing it's it's seems like it's missing one of its legs and and sort of limping forward supporting it softens arm.
Timothy Sackton: And they see you.
Timothy Sackton: look up and they sort of again it's like you actually catch it this time it's like they almost sort of drift up from the ground.
Timothy Sackton: And then, as they, you know as the then sort of coalesce as they drift up from beneath the earth and coalesce into this form with their arms.
Timothy Sackton: Starting looking humanoid but then their arms kind of lengthening into these long harpoon spears and their facial features kind of beginning to vanish these ones, though both have eyes that are looking at you.
Timothy Sackton: And I think actually let's let's actually low initiative for this.
Timothy Sackton: OK, so the three of you, and then them.
Timothy Sackton: There i'll do an actual turn order.
Delwath: remind me last time, did they.
Delwath: hurt us from range.
Timothy Sackton: They have the same shot it.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you are close to them, but there aren't there arm like spring out of its socket the lake is like throwing a harpoon, but it was their arm.
Delwath: Is any of this cover.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah this one here this thing on the side on this side is definitely cover.
Timothy Sackton: It is anything that's like 10 feet up off the ground.
Timothy Sackton: right for sure cover.
Delwath: Is any of this difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: Just just this sorry, let me add that turn order.
Timothy Sackton: But wait we've got way too many things.
Timothy Sackton: Whereas my token this all of this, all these six squares here that have went on them like this one, but.
Timothy Sackton: This isn't.
Delwath: This pathways.
Delwath: That.
Timothy Sackton: That is not difficult terrain yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And then, this is difficult terrain here here and.
Timothy Sackton: Just the one path in the middle is.
Not.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Delwath: Okay well i'm not first so.
paladin this.
Timothy Sackton: Is dad's first.
Aristaea: Right.
Aristaea: So.
Aristaea: I.
Aristaea: need to be.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, if you want to discuss strategy, you can call like a timeout for a minute to discuss what you want to do, rather than just wondering what you're going to do on your turn.
Timothy Sackton: But then, once you've discussed with like try and keep things moving a little bit.
Aristaea: Okay well.
Aristaea: i'm gonna attack with.
Aristaea: moonbeam focused on the one that's in the corner, not the one that's closer to the.
Aristaea: Clearing my yeah.
Delwath: I was thinking of staying of trying to stay out of my life more effective, although I guess they have disadvantage tax again.
Delwath: Maybe i'll just.
Delwath: Like so much pap punishment, I can take.
Delwath: A guess your mood beaming.
Aristaea: That doesn't.
Aristaea: want to hack corner.
Delwath: That doesn't if I go into combat that doesn't.
Delwath: that's fine right like the movie mode.
Delwath: Is this open here them.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah that's difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, where Where are you putting how big as men been.
Aristaea: To five foot radius.
Aristaea: Okay it's 40 feet high, but it's only five feet on the.
Timothy Sackton: map five foot radius is this it's a two by two So where are you putting it.
Aristaea: In the corner.
Timothy Sackton: Right, where it is.
Aristaea: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: That spell is that so.
Timothy Sackton: that's all that is, I think, concentration right, so you can't have if that you've cast battle and protection from focus concentration.
Aristaea: I only have one situation spell active.
Aristaea: I didn't realize protection from good neighbor was the concentration spell.
Aristaea: I don't want to do that, to tell with.
Aristaea: I will, I will choose a different style but it's not concentration.
Aristaea: Sorry, make that go away.
Timothy Sackton: So you got your slot back.
Aristaea: yeah I did that.
Iascaire: was very pretty well as there.
Aristaea: It can come back later um.
Aristaea: Well, you know that was just gonna say at a melee but i'm not i'm just gonna walk walk towards.
Delwath: US okay if there's two people in melee it's may be better.
Aristaea: Can poke from here right.
yep.
Aristaea: yeah and that's you.
Timothy Sackton: quite a difficult terrain there so which one, are you poking.
Aristaea: Well, I was the one that's out that's also not a difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: Straight in front again yep.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, great you're up next.
Delwath: So wait well i'll ask.
Timothy Sackton: No go ahead.
Delwath: hey the outside.
Delwath: difficult terrain.
Timothy Sackton: The back for us is difficult terrain.
Delwath: What about this front area.
Timothy Sackton: That front is not.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK that's 21 hits.
Aristaea: To the damage yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going to do your second attack.
Aristaea: Is a smite the second attack or is it.
Timothy Sackton: Or should I get to attacks.
Timothy Sackton: Your your.
Timothy Sackton: Marshall you get to attacks every time you attack.
Aristaea: All right, I.
Timothy Sackton: Might if you so choose that would add to your 16.
Timothy Sackton: Also, just heads.
Aristaea: So this one i'm gonna.
Aristaea: attack and then smite I can do that right.
Timothy Sackton: yep if you use a spouse lot you can do to the extra damage.
Aristaea: That was 36.
Aristaea: which would, which is a branding smile and.
Timothy Sackton: smile.
Timothy Sackton: is like the thing that paladin right that's not.
Aristaea: Do it wait oh wait uses a spell slot you said.
Aristaea: Okay.
Aristaea: i'm just burn it all sought to do extra damage.
Timothy Sackton: or write it all down on your character sheet, where it says other when you hit with a melee weapon attack you can expand one style slot and feel today six extra damage to the target.
Delwath: I don't know if it's really worth using we we might not get our stuff thoughts back for a while.
Aristaea: Okay.
Aristaea: These guys only had like.
Delwath: 50 hit points.
he's half day.
Aristaea: i'll just stop them like the to actual hit.
Aristaea: Targets bike.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, grab your APP.
Iascaire: I will go.
Iascaire: i'm using the measuring tool there we go by 10 1520.
Timothy Sackton: years from saving throw.
Iascaire: Okay.
Iascaire: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: You are yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You are incapacitated and you see a vision of the battle continuing the wizard stumbles into the door of this House like fiddling with its armband and rushes i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Turning to look back on it as the god color had been fighting it now limping bleeding badly, but its arms his arms like extending turning into these giant claws of frost and staggering forward and you see.
Timothy Sackton: As it.
Timothy Sackton: As the god color like steps into the door of this building.
Timothy Sackton: The wizard turns and just speaks a word and the the god color falls over dead.
Timothy Sackton: But these two spirits sort of fly out of its body.
Timothy Sackton: And looks like a Hawk with claws of frost and latch on to the hold on to the wizard and struggle for a moment and then.
Timothy Sackton: grab at the armband like be trying to pull it off, and as the wizard falls over.
Timothy Sackton: The spirits vanish as the armband clock clock clatters to the ground with the wizard dead.
Timothy Sackton: Somewhere in like.
Timothy Sackton: somewhere on the Western side of of this building.
Timothy Sackton: But you don't get to take an action, because you already incapacitated until the start of your next turn.
Iascaire: yeah my wildfires spirit only can dodge best.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, go with your up.
Delwath: So i'll move around like this.
Timothy Sackton: Around the back.
Delwath: yeah so like.
This wow.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a wisdom savings oh.
Timothy Sackton: Okay i'm sorry wait no you don't have to make wisdom save increase your production good and evil, but you would have passed away.
Delwath: And I go attack with nine grill.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Delwath: Plus so.
Delwath: And I will.
Timothy Sackton: be badly her that hits.
Delwath: 415 so 30 total.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that this one now falls dad and begins to like fade away, and you can you feel this like sort of slight first wave of spirits seemingly passing past you.
Timothy Sackton: The arm of this one, the one arm that it has comes goes flying out at yes Gray.
Timothy Sackton: that's gonna be advantage because you are incapacitated that hits.
Timothy Sackton: So you take.
Timothy Sackton: 26 points of piercing damage and it drags you.
Timothy Sackton: right there and then you need to make a wisdom saving throw it as conveniently dragged you into the pounds or so with plus.
Timothy Sackton: 330 and you make make the SAVE, so you take.
Timothy Sackton: An additional eight points of psychic damage.
Timothy Sackton: And you feel even though you make the SAVE you feel this kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Again, this sort of wave of sadness of your also grappled, by the way, as opposed the closer.
Timothy Sackton: This one is dad.
Timothy Sackton: This is still distracted by the offerings are stay at your up.
Aristaea: All right.
Aristaea: I can make my way between the dead thing, and yes Gray towards the other one right.
Aristaea: yep find a way to get.
Aristaea: To the one I want to poke alright.
Timothy Sackton: So you can go there.
Aristaea: Alright, so I attack it with my bike.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but it's.
Aristaea: it's a sin.
Aristaea: yep.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Timothy Sackton: You are like come you you sort of returned from this vision to find yourself with a harpoon arm stuck into you and being dragged next to the this.
Timothy Sackton: shadow creature, as it begins to try and pull you into its embrace.
Aristaea: Nothing about the way I am my Pike could, if anyone in any way separate like harpoon cord.
Timothy Sackton: Right, you could try, if you wanted.
Timothy Sackton: You wouldn't be dealing damage to the creature itself.
Timothy Sackton: And disadvantage to hit, but if you did enough damage to the arm, you could cut it and.
Timothy Sackton: Then he would have no arms.
Delwath: I could try that maybe on my turn.
Iascaire: I.
Delwath: Unless you're gonna escape somehow.
Iascaire: y'all escape and how do you how do you run with disadvantage on this fell on.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Delwath: yeah just.
Timothy Sackton: Roll roll twice and.
Iascaire: So.
Iascaire: What.
Iascaire: Oh, I wrote it three times by the looks that.
Delwath: Only.
Timothy Sackton: two.
Iascaire: OK OK.
Iascaire: OK, so the top one with the six and.
Iascaire: When eight as well.
Iascaire: So 15 fire damage to him.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and.
Iascaire: And then.
Iascaire: And then the fire spirit moves 510 1520 2530 it flies so it shouldn't have difficulty.
Timothy Sackton: Flying isn't going to affect it yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean I forgot train walked in fact that.
Iascaire: Right and it's action is that it will teleport the two of us.
Iascaire: back here.
Iascaire: Again, and it needs to be the creature needs to make a deck save.
Timothy Sackton: said ronnie I wrote the 21, so I think.
Iascaire: It takes no additional damage but i'm out of the graph.
Timothy Sackton: Right you teleport away.
All right.
Iascaire: Now, and you're out boy, it looks cool it looks like it could have taken damage.
Delwath: yeah that's a very useful little trick there.
Delwath: 123.
Delwath: And then I will just attack it.
Timothy Sackton: Because i'm a guy and let's pretty wounded.
Delwath: Oh i'm actually gonna miss outside.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that Mrs.
Delwath: That will not miss.
dope.
Timothy Sackton: what's the radio.
Delwath: i'm rolling it it's coming.
Delwath: 15 total.
Timothy Sackton: So close.
Timothy Sackton: It looks very badly wounded, but it doesn't really seem to care and it just turns to you, and you have to make a wisdom saving throw.
Delwath: that's that's without the plus three so really it's a 20.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so 21 so nothing so that effect doesn't trigger.
Timothy Sackton: And then it's going to.
Timothy Sackton: harpoon arm again.
Timothy Sackton: It will continue to target.
Timothy Sackton: You ask right which attracted attention the first place.
Timothy Sackton: that's a 26.
Delwath: Are you doing for a box over there.
Iascaire: i'll be bloody now.
Timothy Sackton: And if you take 20 points of piercing damage and you are grappled again.
Timothy Sackton: And then wisdom save.
Timothy Sackton: I don't even know why you bother ruling against the DC 15 um.
Timothy Sackton: I guess, if you will, the one that would only be for one.
Iascaire: Right yeah.
Delwath: One would be a 1314.
Iascaire: Not in the.
Timothy Sackton: Not in the aura right yeah that's true you're not in the aura.
Timothy Sackton: And it drags you so again, you take another eight points it's like a damn agenda drags you.
Timothy Sackton: back it looks like it's almost trying to like rapids arm around you somehow but it only has one arm, which is now it's I mean it's very badly wounded at this point um.
Iascaire: So am I.
Timothy Sackton: But it's just trying to reel you in somehow.
Timothy Sackton: And that, and you do catch you catch another sort of.
Timothy Sackton: sort of flash of this like memory of the battle you don't see a vision, but just a sort of flash of the of the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of pain of the warriors just kind of giving up i'm sure all right stay your up.
Aristaea: All right.
Aristaea: hey so within pipe beach so that's what I do.
Timothy Sackton: It only has 200 points so that's going to kill it.
Aristaea: Whenever I roll to roll.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever you're all yeah so as you stab it with your Pike.
Timothy Sackton: Even minimum damage.
Timothy Sackton: This spirit now also falls down and again kind of collapses, and again you hear you feel this like sort of.
Timothy Sackton: burst of of wind of.
Timothy Sackton: dead souls flying past year, basically.
Delwath: What some.
Delwath: I mean the wizards thing was clearly in here somewhere what search this a little bit.
Aristaea: Yes.
Aristaea: There is.
Iascaire: There is a flame and I will step into it.
Okay.
Iascaire: Is I am currently at 11.
Aristaea: If there's a flame and you step into it and it's you know not sufficient i'm glad to also.
Aristaea: hear some more of your wounds but.
Timothy Sackton: If you go a few miles into the forest, you can also almost for sure get a short rest, because you can the shadows don't appear until you stayed still for like two hours so as long as you're like far away from.
Timothy Sackton: I went tracks are rest in this village.
Iascaire: yeah okay i'm still down like 50.
Iascaire: But.
Iascaire: If we think we're nearly done village then maybe we can leave it for a moment.
Delwath: If we're gonna I mean I can unleash all my things if we're gonna short rest, I was.
Iascaire: Trying to so true yeah.
Delwath: But yes let's um let's finish the village.
Delwath: let's find the thing I mean hopefully.
Delwath: there's not too much more to to do here.
Delwath: I need to yeah, I guess, I guess, if I could short resting after every one of these things, I should just be going all out here, I wasn't I wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: Well there's no guarantee you'll get a short rest after everyone but it shouldn't be that hard to short rest.
Delwath: Okay, I wasn't I wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, you can.
Timothy Sackton: What you, you know if you wait two hours Saturday start to like co lesson watch you.
Timothy Sackton: Right you wait three hours they come into an attack you right.
Timothy Sackton: But if you're just resting for an hour it's usually not going to be too difficult it's not guaranteed right.
Iascaire: So i've got really good perception is that something that would help with the investigation or is that investigation.
Timothy Sackton: So ah.
Timothy Sackton: I would say, well, what do you I mean what is there, what are you doing specifically like perception is looking for you know.
Iascaire: yeah I would be sort of like following my vision you wear the armband.
Delwath: While you're while you're looking around Dallas eyes, like turn.
Delwath: Black for a moment and he starts, just like walking around like looking through the walls and things like that.
Delwath: i'll just walk to the ground, do I see anything.
Timothy Sackton: Oh okay well.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, we can do.
Timothy Sackton: The I know what you're doing yeah so whether i'm.
Timothy Sackton: rst or what are you doing.
Aristaea: I am being available to lift heavy objects, but I don't want to like accidentally mess up anybody else's thing so.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Aristaea: i'm just gonna shift some rebel here in there.
Aristaea: What was your persona and.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody check the Oscar I.
Iascaire: Can roll it now.
Okay.
Aristaea: When I can also try to be perceptive will a shift rebel.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: What you what you notice.
Timothy Sackton: Is that.
Timothy Sackton: So they're the main the two things that that you notice, looking around this this this building, one is that.
Timothy Sackton: The way that the that the roof has collapsed there's like.
Timothy Sackton: Like its collapse from the middle but it's clearly like piled up higher on the left side on the West side.
Timothy Sackton: over here.
Timothy Sackton: Then over here right so that's, the first thing.
Timothy Sackton: Right, this is like this the imbalance in the height of the collapse ness and then it also.
Timothy Sackton: The door.
Timothy Sackton: Like in this sort of door area, you also notice, you see the sort of telltale sign of a long forgotten body that you've seen before.
Timothy Sackton: dealt with, while you're looking around you see like through the all of this rubble how it's.
Delwath: Already fee.
Delwath: Up to 30 feet, but includes dark vision.
So.
Timothy Sackton: So in this pile of rubble here sort of up against the wall, you see a hobgoblin skeleton about 15 feet down like five feet below the 10 feet of rubble and then five people out.
Delwath: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I like that perception check.
Timothy Sackton: Or, I guess, maybe actually this should probably be investigation make an investigation check.
Delwath: Okay, keep my 20.
Aristaea: yeah.
Delwath: it's a 2025 if it's interesting.
OK.
Delwath: Wendy.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, you can keep your 20 ah, you also see the armband.
Timothy Sackton: sort of right about there below.
Timothy Sackton: 15 you know 10 feet of rubble and and five feet of dirt.
Delwath: So I will point these things out to everybody.
Aristaea: I will start wasting rebel.
Aristaea: I assume that I had just sort of.
Aristaea: Appropriate brute strength first.
Timothy Sackton: Totally shift large piles of rubble you can lift like hundreds of pounds without breaking a sweat so might take you.
Delwath: Down with looks kind of exhausted and tired just watching you move stuff like you notice he's he's kind of a scrawny.
Timothy Sackton: This would be a very tough challenge for the.
Timothy Sackton: park.
Delwath: Debate party category so about.
A secret could cheaper.
Timothy Sackton: that's good, but every single person in our main campaign has the strength of age.
Timothy Sackton: Well, except for kids character, Kate always plays the song characters I guess.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes you about 15 minutes, what are.
Timothy Sackton: You dealt with it sort of directing with your How long does the gays last.
Delwath: And only last a minute.
Timothy Sackton: So okay so once you've sort of seen it, you know what were you thinking.
Timothy Sackton: What are yes great Well, this is going on, are you doing anything.
Iascaire: uh no know i'll just i'll just hang out looking.
Pretty hair yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So it takes 15 minutes or so, but you've honored.
Timothy Sackton: piling up now, on this side of the building like a huge amount of rubble you go on earth.
Timothy Sackton: The body, the skeleton.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: dog around the dislike iron circle it's about it's about that big it's like an armband it would go like sort of here on your arm.
Timothy Sackton: And it it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's like super black right it's like that sort of like very matte black that's almost like the absence of light more than a color itself, but you see occasional like little swirls of.
Timothy Sackton: it's not exactly deeper shadow with just a sense of movement just kind of swirling and.
Delwath: Should we just destroy it, we waiting for something.
Iascaire: I know i'm i'm fine with just destroying it.
Iascaire: Does anyone else have.
Iascaire: magical fire, they can target.
Iascaire: something other than a creature.
Delwath: that's a good question.
Delwath: Now I was, I was thinking about taking create bonfires when Am I can trips for my new level, but I did.
Delwath: I feel like I shouldn't change my mind now when it would be.
useful.
Timothy Sackton: Too late you already picture kendra.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you gotta remember the guidance.
Delwath: Oh yeah I know, yes that's true I keep forgetting to do that.
Delwath: I was actually I was thinking, oh no, you know what I decided not to take create on fire, because all I really want to do is be able to light, fires and prestidigitation listening like fires yeah.
Delwath: But it's your flame.
Timothy Sackton: Right so that's great what are you casting.
Iascaire: yeah so my my spirit can do flames see which is a target, you can see, it says.
Iascaire: Is that it doesn't say creature, it says target.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: It has to be, it has to be a leveled spouse.
Iascaire: levels.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Iascaire: Well then, i'm gonna have to cass burning hands, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: It automatically shows on saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: But it has 15 points out.
Iascaire: And it's got that instead that Dr T right right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah do at least six damage otherwise nothing happens.
Iascaire: So if I do so I need to do 21 to it, or I need to do.
Timothy Sackton: No it's just if you do.
Timothy Sackton: If let's say you cast burning hands, and you will really terribly and you only do five damage nothing happens, but if you do seven damage it takes the full amount.
Iascaire: Take seven okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's not it doesn't subtract sex it's just unless you do at least six damage the fire is not hot enough to actually heard that.
Timothy Sackton: But if you do six or more damage it's it's fine it's it's the damage resistant doesn't subtract.
Right.
Iascaire: What about heat metal.
Iascaire: Is that magical.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Iascaire: This is my day.
Iascaire: And it's it's on.
Timothy Sackton: damage and it's magical and it's ongoing yeah that would totally work okay.
Iascaire: So I will okay Steve metal then.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: i'll do it just yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So, because that's ongoing like there's no like what is it it's one day.
Iascaire: yeah yeah like that you let's see.
Delwath: To da da each turn.
Timothy Sackton: To the age so it's it might take you like, but it lasts for a minute because there's nothing constructed concentration if it's fine for you to just roll and see you're welcome to roll and see but it you'll eventually destroy it.
Iascaire: Well, why not.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Iascaire: Right, so that doesn't mean.
Iascaire: Anything doesn't do anything.
Timothy Sackton: Like started you cast the spell and it doesn't for a minute it doesn't look like it's glowing.
Iascaire: that's pretty pretty scary and then it doesn't look like it's.
Iascaire: And then.
Iascaire: There you go.
Timothy Sackton: Then it starts to glow hotter and it begins to mount a little bit that that it.
Timothy Sackton: Just shatters.
Timothy Sackton: splits apart melts and and you as this happens, you hear.
Timothy Sackton: you hear a almost a wind blowing.
Timothy Sackton: And it starts to get cold, but not like an eerie cold, like the sort of pleasant sort of crisp cold of like an early fall morning.
Timothy Sackton: And you hear the flapping of wings.
Timothy Sackton: The sound of like a Hawk crying in the distance.
Timothy Sackton: and add this.
Timothy Sackton: Past passes through you, you each get 10 temporary hit points.
Timothy Sackton: And if you search on D amp D beyond that there should be a blessing of.
Timothy Sackton: Of missier i'm putting it in the chat and then a blessing of yeah leaky.
Timothy Sackton: they're both magic items, there should be one that's nature, one that shield and one that's fire so pick the fire if you're a fire DRUID the nature of your nature paladin and the shield, if you have a magic shield, I mean a special magic shield.
Delwath: blessing of the series said.
Timothy Sackton: Nice here and you're leaking.
Aristaea: and
Timothy Sackton: yeah inventory.
Timothy Sackton: Have you have you click on.
Timothy Sackton: manage inventory and then.
Delwath: Well that's really fancy.
Iascaire: Okay sorry this year, this year, fires, what I want.
Timothy Sackton: Car fire and you're leaking fire.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: Your wiki fire.
Iascaire: cool Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Did you get a cake.
Aristaea: I didn't get the temperature the temperature the.
Timothy Sackton: that the two items yes.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So if you equip them, it should it should give you the hopefully if I set everything up correctly, it should give you the benefits.
Aristaea: You just hit the red box to them yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And just as a note, most of these abilities if they're recharge recharge at dawn not at long rest.
Delwath: that's useful.
Aristaea: Oh Nice.
Iascaire: yeah very cool.
Aristaea: I was pretty convinced, I was about to use it on my cell phones all the time, passing care, I never because.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so ah.
Delwath: OK.
Delwath: So, as this like you know.
Timothy Sackton: Quiet sort of begins to settle you can still see the the spirit in the.
Timothy Sackton: In the Center of the grub now sort of turning and beginning to move towards the you presume its body his body must be somewhere here, based on the vision.
Timothy Sackton: But now it seems to be moving back in your direction.
Iascaire: i'm going to slip out the back door, because I don't want to fight.
Iascaire: i'm not in a good spot so i'm going to keep an eye peeled around and then, as it sort of heads to.
Iascaire: There I will.
Iascaire: I will let it go by.
Delwath: i'm gonna.
Delwath: go down this way to like basically hide behind the wall and see what it does.
Delwath: Like one I.
Timothy Sackton: forgot.
you're staying napping.
Delwath: Are you coming with.
Aristaea: I was gonna try to go like here to get a different vantage point, if I can sub pass pass me without engaging.
Aristaea: or like here.
Timothy Sackton: It stops as it's walking past, it looks at you make a wisdom saving throw.
Aristaea: He chases.
Timothy Sackton: Well, nothing happens and then it approaches like here, I have pauses for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: Are you all staying where you are yeah.
Delwath: yeah yep.
Timothy Sackton: That it turns to walk back.
Timothy Sackton: looks at you again make another wisdom saving throw.
Aristaea: Do I need to like I think I need to dig out its body like.
Aristaea: I went yeah he would it was doing.
Timothy Sackton: it's walking back towards the tree.
Timothy Sackton: Now you take.
Timothy Sackton: 23 points of psychic damage.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't seem to be seeking anybody out, but if it if it sees you within 10 or 15 feet, it looks at you, and this like.
Timothy Sackton: pain of like its behavior after you watch it for a minute, and after that happens, I will let you let you run away before it makes another pass.
Timothy Sackton: But it basically now seems to be walking between the tree and its body like this, and if it sees anybody immediately within its line of sight within 15 feet, it turns and looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: And you dislike wave of sorrow pass it over to you.
Aristaea: Right.
Iascaire: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: But now it's just like this.
Iascaire: yellow.
Iascaire: Should I try the tree, or do you want to try to dig.
Aristaea: i'm.
Delwath: i'm.
Delwath: Do on day, can I dad usual like do we think there's any.
Delwath: But I have any idea what I mean it's some sort of been dead.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: How often can undead see and.
Timothy Sackton: make our religion check.
Delwath: not very good at that.
Delwath: No idea.
Delwath: What have you people who actually know things about.
Delwath: undead know if i'm dead can see invisible.
Iascaire: I.
Timothy Sackton: can make a religion check with advantage.
Iascaire: I don't have religion.
Delwath: There we go.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so.
Timothy Sackton: Not typically.
Timothy Sackton: Certainly, there are someone dead that can but it's not like a sort of just because they are incorporate incorporate doesn't mean that it can sort of automatically see you.
Delwath: All like motion everybody to come your by.
Delwath: And then I will cast a disability.
Timothy Sackton: So it's continuing to walk pays back and forth now, but now that it can't see you it doesn't seem to have any interest in seeking you out so you are sort of free to interact with the world without necessarily being targeted.
Delwath: let's dig up its body, well, I mean this is for an hour so.
Aristaea: Right all right, I think.
Timothy Sackton: It seems it's like you get the sense as it comes over, and it seems like the ground has shifted a little since the last time it paced.
Timothy Sackton: You get you almost get a sense of like it every time it comes close to you, you, you still feel this like sort of lingering sadness, but it seems to be fading a little bit.
Iascaire: said that this was a corpse over there.
Timothy Sackton: No, this is, this is the corpse of the of the priest of the god color is here this.
Timothy Sackton: hobgoblin corpse was.
Timothy Sackton: Here was like underneath the collapsed roof right.
Iascaire: Here, and it was that that was the wizard.
Timothy Sackton: yeah That was the wizard yeah you already dug up and that's when you destroy the circle up.
Iascaire: And I got color would be a that were.
Timothy Sackton: identified identify priests yeah.
Okay.
Aristaea: So they have a dedicated priests corpse over here to give it a decent burial or whatever.
Delwath: I think I mean.
Delwath: It once a.
Delwath: While it visible i'm just gonna go scout like this building.
Timothy Sackton: With which building.
Delwath: This one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay there doesn't seem to be anything in there.
Delwath: Okay, and what about it, is it worth do you guys think it's worth scouting all the buildings.
Iascaire: Think, we found what we wanted to do, and all the buildings seem to have bad spirits and.
Delwath: I wonder if there's just more bodies to bury.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: I think if it's going to be hard to rest here.
Iascaire: Other than short rest, it may be better to.
Delwath: avoid trouble yeah.
Iascaire: I think there are probably hundreds if not thousands of bodies words.
Timothy Sackton: Do you want to try your plan are you planning on trying your plant growth thing.
Iascaire: um.
Delwath: How should have really done that I guess it's casting a spell.
Delwath: On yeah but.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's true.
Iascaire: i'll see what happens once the corpses duck out and depending on that maybe.
Delwath: i'll at least go collect the bodies we previously found.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
And like.
Delwath: A range some sort of.
Delwath: Well you're a God person.
Delwath: Right, I do a paladin kayden.
Delwath: yeah scotty, then I guess i'm a little Gotti to these days.
Delwath: I always friend yeah like.
Delwath: All like that we dealt with like just try and organize a bit of a barrier.
Timothy Sackton: Right like.
Delwath: put out some sacrifices dig some graves by the tree I don't know that much about Ben acquire but kind of make it up.
Iascaire: They prefer to be cremated.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: I think that would be fairly common.
Delwath: I mean, maybe we should make a pyre that that's kind of.
Iascaire: wanna yeah I can I can do some can trips to.
yeah.
Iascaire: it'll still.
Iascaire: Tell me visible again but.
Timothy Sackton: you'll turn again once you do that.
Delwath: But see what.
Delwath: We will get things organized.
Timothy Sackton: let's see what happens when.
Timothy Sackton: When the body is when the body is that sort of stops going back and forth and just again goes back to sort of standing by the tree and.
Timothy Sackton: The sort of low keening continues now next to the tree, and you can see now that it's actually sort of pacing back and forth behind the trunk occasionally like reaching its handout to touch the tree has had going through the tree and then sort of stepping back and wailing again.
Aristaea: Should we use some branches from the tree to build a pyre.
Delwath: No, I mean we could light a fire with regular you don't have to light it with magic.
Delwath: there's plenty of deadwood around.
Aristaea: But.
Aristaea: I think it's typically so we could.
Aristaea: We could use, yes, I mean I was thinking there's a lot of debris because we've got like knock.
Aristaea: You down buildings, but so like old sticks and and you know there's all sorts of kindling and firewood and so.
Aristaea: forth if you can use to build a pyre that we will light magically, but I think some of the wood should be like a token.
Delwath: branch from this tree tree, but why white it magically went into that later right.
Delwath: Then we stay invisible.
I think.
Iascaire: I think I want to try to make this tree grow so.
Aristaea: Oh that's why.
Aristaea: I said a branch, not the whole thing.
Iascaire: yeah one brother, I mean.
Iascaire: You know I mean it'll it'll turn me it'll turn me visible anyway so.
Delwath: I mean, I was thinking if we make a pyre like over here somewhere right.
Delwath: yeah burn this guy's body and all of their bodies and do the light proper didn't quite ceremonies see if this concert before you try and make the tree grow right.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: We could do that all invisibly, as you know, ghosts spirits.
Timothy Sackton: yep so you set that up use you build a pirate burns out once once its body has been dug up that the spirit seems to ignore the body is it's just it's just focused on this tree now it's just pacing back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: You do sort of get the sense that it.
Timothy Sackton: So as its body burns it's starting to.
Timothy Sackton: It looks starts to look more and more insubstantial.
Timothy Sackton: And as the you know it's still kind of it begins to fade from site.
Timothy Sackton: And, as it does, it still kind of reaching out to the tree like trying to grasp it trying to like.
Timothy Sackton: yeah for prayer sacrifice to it, or something and then it as its as the ceremony is finished, and you know you say some words and the bodies all burn in this pyre it vanishes.
Delwath: Okay.
Aristaea: So we've done some good things what but maybe it would still be a good thing to create the tree.
Delwath: It can't hurt to try and grow the tree.
Delwath: let's try to spell spots.
I mean.
Iascaire: yeah it's a third slot but that's it's something that I think my character, would do so yeah.
Aristaea: i'm also capable of doing the same thing bird the same motivations, but if your it was your idea to go ahead and do it.
Timothy Sackton: He has a lot more spouse life than you do.
Iascaire: that's all right.
i'll.
Iascaire: i'll do it for the sake, if you've got lots of suppose loss and best works, maybe there's more in the next village.
Iascaire: yeah no.
Iascaire: No, no.
Iascaire: So i'll just send her it.
Iascaire: i'll send her in specifically over basically the entire area of the tree like as far as the branch to extend in any direction but no further than that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make our wisdom check with advantage.
Iascaire: Right.
Iascaire: Well, just take that one.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Very story appropriate role there.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you begin to.
Timothy Sackton: cast the spell you see.
Timothy Sackton: It starts out what looks to you like little just like little sparks kind of running around the ground underneath the tree.
Timothy Sackton: almost like fireflies just kind of floating there like just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: Reading around and occasionally a sparkle kind of disappear as your as as you cast the spell once you cast the spell this sort of take some time to build up that the ground grows in the ground like just right around the tree becomes like thick and lush.
Timothy Sackton: begins to grow and these sparks sort of start climbing up the tree and you see like almost like like little.
Timothy Sackton: bits of flame like shooting up the bark.
Timothy Sackton: Initially fading and then one sort of shoots up all the way and.
Timothy Sackton: You see a Bud and then a leaf began to grow on a branch, and then it quickly sort of turns to this flame red color.
Timothy Sackton: And you wait another.
Timothy Sackton: 30 seconds minute a few more sparks run out and a few more leaves began to grow and turn the sort of flame read.
Timothy Sackton: And after maybe five or 10 minutes, like the whole tree now there's like it's not like fully leaf out but there's hundreds of these flame red leaves.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: For a moment.
Timothy Sackton: It just stays like this and then the leaves begin to drift off the tree.
Timothy Sackton: And flow across the village.
Timothy Sackton: and begin they're moving not as if by the wind, but they land they start to land and like a bunch of places all around the village and for a minute, you see, where each one lands, you see, like.
Timothy Sackton: An image, a vision of like spirits kind of floating up from the ground where each leaf lands.
Timothy Sackton: And the village, although it's been quiet.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's almost a sense of peace.
Timothy Sackton: And then the branches began to.
Timothy Sackton: split and the flames begin to grow, like the little sparks begin to grow and it almost as if this tree is turning into a funeral pyre for the village itself.
Timothy Sackton: And you wait a moment.
Timothy Sackton: And then it'd be good, the tree slowly begin to split and as it falls these like little lines of fire sort of begin to run out from each side of the tree almost seeking out all of the places where.
Timothy Sackton: bodies are hidden underground and, like all of these like mini funeral pyres begin to light up all around the village.
Timothy Sackton: And you like obviously kind of get out of the way a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And just watch as.
Timothy Sackton: The dead are put to rest.
Iascaire: i'm very pleased to say.
Delwath: Yes.
Delwath: Does it feel.
Delwath: Safe I mean would it be safe, to take a short rest after all this, it seems like is the village feel cleaner.
Timothy Sackton: Definitely yeah definitely.
Aristaea: it's still in the forest of nightmares.
Delwath: yeah i'm not saying we like sleep or anything.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't sleep here short rest would definitely be possible.
Right.
Delwath: I think that's a reasonable.
Timothy Sackton: Take a short rest feel free to roll hit days anybody who wants to.
Timothy Sackton: m.
Timothy Sackton: And m let's actually.
Delwath: i've never done this before, but can I use cooks tools to actually do the thing and dancers guide to everything where if it gets plus one on their head dials.
Timothy Sackton: sure.
Iascaire: All right, well i've got cooks tools to.
Timothy Sackton: me all cooking.
Delwath: We.
Iascaire: Do we get to double that.
Delwath: Now normally a dd you can't get to bed if, like if.
Timothy Sackton: Two people cast blow, but this isn't this isn't this isn't the chef seat, so you can do your chef.
Iascaire: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And you can also add.
Timothy Sackton: So the I forget what the chef does but.
Iascaire: yeah so.
Iascaire: As part of a shirt dress Oh, I guess, I can just.
Iascaire: You can cook special food for a creature is, at the end of the short rest any creature who meets the foods and spends one or more hits I will.
Iascaire: regain after one day.
Timothy Sackton: So you all get an extra one day if he spent his days, plus an extra plus one.
For each kit that you spot.
Delwath: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: My dad but then after we do after we do short rest let's take a 10 minute break to.
Timothy Sackton: Your life.
Delwath: yeah wait hold on I forgot how much.
Iascaire: We are yeah we're the hip dyson yeah.
Delwath: If you hit short rest.
Timothy Sackton: Of you had short rest, you can click.
Timothy Sackton: number of days, he went AWOL.
Aristaea: i've never done temporary hit points before do those windows go away.
Timothy Sackton: After a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: damage or after a long rest.
Aristaea: So they're used first in the damage.
Delwath: Yes.
Aristaea: Alright, so i'm not actually that wounded, because of those cuz first we found the magic key stuff and then we.
Aristaea: got looked at, then I got.
Delwath: In my head dice not role, I guess, they didn't roll.
Timothy Sackton: But then also.
Iascaire: Will after one day yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you set around the you know the fire, the fire of the funeral planners dies down and you make yourself a little camp fire and Michelle can spot and.
Timothy Sackton: Some nice food.
Iascaire: Oh, plus one to all.
Timothy Sackton: To all those.
Delwath: And, and the bonus.
Iascaire: BONUS yeah.
Iascaire: yeah let's do another one.
Delwath: All right, um.
Delwath: Quick break.
Delwath: i'll be back in.
Timothy Sackton: yeah let's.
Timothy Sackton: let's let's say.
Timothy Sackton: 10 five to 10 minutes.
Timothy Sackton: break.
Aristaea: diary of a wimpy kid well sitting in.
Aristaea: I.
Aristaea: drove two per square tomorrow and park the car like on some of the lab that be okay, for you.
Aristaea: it's supposed to be just as hot sighs Hollywood and the biking.
Aristaea: I was not planning to bake originally was to.
Aristaea: discuss it with the team today that I was considering it, but I cannot fight a lot if you wanted to fight.
Aristaea: You could.
Aristaea: You could close my office you can just leave me your bike I could bite home on your bike.
Aristaea: like that.
Aristaea: I just have a 930 meeting I kind of want to beat the Office for now I can i'll just leave.
Aristaea: I thought to myself that I needed to leave it to 15, but I have a meeting at one and then what am I really going to do between two and 215 right just leave it to the neither I spend another 10 minutes calling my heels, for no reason.
Aristaea: At the train station i'll 75 minutes early.
Aristaea: So I probably won't be exactly it till probably leave it to five anyway, I can I can just take the T, it seems rather and it's terribly complicated to figure out how to make the whole thing work.
and your partner next to the ID right spot on.
Aristaea: Just thinking about it, we don't have to know now, but I just.
Aristaea: tell you, we can talk about in the morning, I just wanted to check as.
Aristaea: You can see it just makes my life, it just makes my morning a lot easier if I I could always just do my 930 here in the lab, but we do want to drop them off and take the car.
Aristaea: Tomorrow is like cooling down to 94 and is it supposed to.
Aristaea: there's a 60% chance of rain sometime tomorrow.
Aristaea: Starting at 2pm.
Aristaea: thunderstorm starting at 2pm.
Timothy Sackton: After an hour's break even by the by the end of the hour you're starting to see like a little bit more flickers of movement in the shadows and with the.
Timothy Sackton: embers of the fires died down and the and the.
Timothy Sackton: Day sort of the sun beginning to you know to sat it probably being like 430 or 5pm now so so not like not like dark dark, but like sort of getting close to twilight twilight.
Timothy Sackton: You know that you are getting the sense, you know, maybe it's time to move on, after having been in this village now for close to two hours already.
Timothy Sackton: But where to.
Timothy Sackton: it's up to you.
Iascaire: Which one where we in.
Timothy Sackton: Your animal battle without whoa.
Iascaire: Okay.
Iascaire: If I have time after cooking food in the short rest I would take.
Iascaire: A branch from the tree and my village a knife and sort of.
Iascaire: Little.
Iascaire: Small wouldn't fish out of it and place that on the altar.
Iascaire: And, depending on how long that takes I may make one for myself as well.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I think.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that's the sort of thing you could do as part of a short rasta.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah you can make one for yourself.
Timothy Sackton: Which direction, do you want to head.
Delwath: I think, to the battle of Darfur.
Aristaea: that's fine with me that's the.
Delwath: Most optimal I mean.
Delwath: 30 miles.
2028 verses.
3020.
Delwath: yeah it's like marginally quicker to go battle dark fire battle of endless dark matter of few more than to go that way that way that way, but not by much.
Okay.
Aristaea: yeah I mean unless we feel like we can meet.
Aristaea: Before TIM said that we could probably just sort of get by with a lot of many rests, I was thinking we would need to get out of.
Aristaea: I mean for us entirely at some point.
Delwath: isn't where's the edge of the.
Delwath: Like if we go here are we out of the white where's the edge of that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's about there.
Timothy Sackton: it's sort of runs in a line like like like this.
Delwath: So that's the other advantage of the battle of dark fires that's not the deepest one in right, we might need to leave the forest after the battle dark five, we need a long rest right.
Iascaire: Right and reasonable to me.
Aristaea: yep so let's get a dark fire.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you you begin you set out overnight.
Timothy Sackton: travel.
Timothy Sackton: presuming you don't want to arrive there in the middle of the night so travel somewhat slowly so you'll arrive there around dawn yeah shortly after dawn.
Timothy Sackton: As you so again the forest is is just as quiet as it was before.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing moving no sounds i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Not even wind, now it seems to be just still.
Timothy Sackton: And as you begin to come close to where you think the battle of the dark fire battlefield is anything else you want to do.
Delwath: I don't think so.
So, as you step.
Timothy Sackton: into the.
Aristaea: Clearing I mean.
Aristaea: This is scary what protection for me good this time.
Delwath: yeah it can't hurt.
sure.
Aristaea: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Now, as you step.
Timothy Sackton: into this clearing you see this giant battlefield this very large opening probably.
Timothy Sackton: What like 100 hundred and 40 hundred and 50 feet across in the Center of this.
Timothy Sackton: are two.
Timothy Sackton: Two large rocks two large boulders that are like black.
Timothy Sackton: Absolutely massive body of some enormous demon lying in the Center of the.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Looking around the edge of the forest in this clearing, you can see that.
Timothy Sackton: The trees themselves are you know everything looks kind of slightly scorch slightly burned.
Timothy Sackton: That massive get demon it's flashes blackened and scorch there are roots and vines growing over it, there are but they're not.
Timothy Sackton: they're not sort of natural roots they look like sort of blackened tendrils of something and they're growing out from it sort of making a web that stretches out to the sort of edges of the forest and touches like.
Timothy Sackton: You know this tree here this tree here all of the trees that are growing in this clearing have these like tendrils of of this sort of black.
Timothy Sackton: wrapping around them.
Timothy Sackton: there's the scent of rot and char in the clearing.
Timothy Sackton: Some of these trees here some of the trees in the Center, especially the ones closest to the human body seem to move slightly like they'll take a small step sort of sway slightly.
Timothy Sackton: not moving with the wind.
Timothy Sackton: Around that demons wrist here, you can see, one of these shadow armbands but the black tendrils grow sort of tight around it and Twining this armband so you'll have to, it is not so simple to just remove from from the rest of this creature.
Delwath: them.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Delwath: I sword clothing.
Timothy Sackton: what's its range.
Delwath: On Jun 20 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: and
Iascaire: I look over So what does that mean.
Delwath: fiend is within 120 feet.
Timothy Sackton: I asked her you also hear a slight buzzing sound.
Timothy Sackton: almost like wasps or something.
Iascaire: Can I like make a history check or something would I know much about this battle, it seems like a very different circumstance to the first one.
Timothy Sackton: um yeah you can make history check.
Iascaire: It these but.
Delwath: What do you want to know what the battle, I saw it.
Iascaire: You were at this one.
Delwath: I saw a vision of it, this is where the as Ali fell, but he showed it to me.
Iascaire: See yeah.
Delwath: I showed it to me.
Iascaire: yeah, what do you know about it.
Delwath: TIM I don't remember what I know about it, but I did see it.
haha.
Aristaea: Yes, okay.
Delwath: I could find it I just did an email.
Iascaire: Okay.
Aristaea: So everyone lead through session notes.
Timothy Sackton: This was so there was.
Timothy Sackton: Like the big army, the army of hub goblins that came through the portals that you saw in the previous battle.
Timothy Sackton: Led by this giant demon where we're essentially chasing a bunch of delta Chi and shortly after this shortly this battle is sort of on the edge of this massive burned area where a huge forest fire started.
Timothy Sackton: And when you saw the vision of this battle dealt with esau is all the fighting this demon as the forest it ahead of you burned and.
Timothy Sackton: The Derek I fled to the forest being chased by a hub goblins who then pass through here, and this battle was this battlefield was really the site of the battle between is Ali tonchi and this demon.
Iascaire: well.
Iascaire: We can see the armband from here.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Iascaire: I say.
Iascaire: I assume, we want to get the lay of the land, a little, but.
Iascaire: It almost seems too easy I can cast through my spirit.
Iascaire: It can fly.
Iascaire: So there's a chance we don't have to go much further, the three of us.
Delwath: There is something within there's something nearby that I think is not dead.
Delwath: I mean, I guess, I wouldn't know but I assume that my sword would not glow from a dead feet.
Timothy Sackton: Or what correct.
yeah.
Delwath: I mean.
Delwath: We could I.
Iascaire: Could you cast and visibility on my spirit and then I could just see if we can nuke the armband without going in there.
Delwath: Because I have extremely limited ability to cast spells.
Iascaire: All right, the to slot.
Timothy Sackton: slot also is.
Timothy Sackton: As soon as your spirit cast a spell it if you cast a spell through the your spirit.
Timothy Sackton: Your spirit becomes visible.
Iascaire: Oh for sure yeah I.
Delwath: I have several spouse that are going against teams, I think i'd like to save my slot for those.
Iascaire: yeah that makes sense.
Iascaire: Okay.
Iascaire: mean heat medals got a 60 foot range, so I don't have to get a heck of a lot closer you could just me.
Iascaire: But I could put my.
Delwath: mean right there 60 feet.
Iascaire: yeah or any of the trees around here waving in the non existent winton.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah this one right here which one Okay, and this one.
Aristaea: That deceptively sunny patch to temptingly in line excite might be kind of close to way the tree.
yeah.
Delwath: concentration is such an annoying mechanic.
Delwath: I want to cast spells at once.
Timothy Sackton: You are the overpowered then.
Delwath: I know I know it's actually a brilliant.
Aristaea: But i'm already concentrating so.
Delwath: yeah.
Iascaire: In my in my other campaign.
Iascaire: replay that as a spell caster you can do a level spell as a bonus, and the leveled spell as an action if you want, so my warlock will sometimes use both this spell slots in one term, but the enemies to do it, too, so it's like.
Iascaire: It gets pretty broken for everybody.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
So, what are you doing.
Delwath: Okay um.
Delwath: let's just I mean what are we going to do except advanced in a defensive formation and try and get you close enough to cast team metal.
Iascaire: yeah I mean it doesn't even have to be me I could just put the I could just put the spirit up there.
Delwath: This is your spirit, what happens if your spirits killed just come back or is it.
Iascaire: yeah it's just the it's just the spell slot or just a wild shapes lens far as I know.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Iascaire: yeah it only lasts an hour and if it's reduces your hip points i've got one more well shape or short rest so.
Iascaire: wouldn't be the end of the world, but.
Delwath: I mean.
Delwath: You could just send it out there and see what happens.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: As long as we're ready for a fight if it if it progress.
Aristaea: yeah we're ready for a fight.
Iascaire: Okay, so then i'll put time out and.
Iascaire: It can move 30 feet to turn Oh, I can cast it wherever I want within 30 feet of me, so I can put it out like.
Iascaire: i've done.
Iascaire: Three yeah but there and then it can go.
Iascaire: Where does it need to get to.
Aristaea: Just that sunny spot like 15 feet over.
Iascaire: Like actually just there even five feet yeah.
Iascaire: Alright, so.
Iascaire: Right about there and then I will try and keep metal on the wrist through.
Timothy Sackton: Okay hold on can you just roll initiative, first I just gotta.
Timothy Sackton: See one thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Iascaire: hold on.
So.
Iascaire: whoa what happened with my rules.
Iascaire: um I got a four and a one as my advantage.
Iascaire: that's.
Delwath: Wait wait wait hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on hold on, for we do anything, for we do anything.
Aristaea: What are we going to do.
Delwath: i'm just debating whether.
Delwath: So I could I could task I could create a pretty powerful magic circle that protects us.
Delwath: i'm awfully.
Timothy Sackton: have to stick your sword into the ground to do it, though.
Delwath: I know.
Timothy Sackton: you read that in the description.
Delwath: How does it stay stuck in the grant that's what I.
Delwath: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I was at stake.
Timothy Sackton: In the ground past no.
Timothy Sackton: nevermind I take an action as an action you stick your sword in the ground as long as the story is stuck in the grabbed the effect.
Delwath: Okay, so it's not the right you're casting time.
Timothy Sackton: that's not the regular casting time.
Timothy Sackton: But the consequences, you don't have a sword for the duration.
Timothy Sackton: is designed so that Alex can rest when they're in the.
Yes.
Delwath: oh four hours.
Timothy Sackton: Exactly it's designed so that.
Timothy Sackton: browse can get a rest of the best.
Delwath: I don't think i'm going to cast that that seems dangerous to not have a sword.
yeah.
Delwath: let's see if we think we need it, I mean I.
Delwath: feeds can't enter a magic circle.
Delwath: Except via teleportation.
Delwath: mean it's pretty.
Delwath: useful but i'm not gonna do anything about it.
Iascaire: I mean you can do it if a beam comes at us right.
Delwath: I can, yes, oh, I could actually I mean I could magic circle us.
Delwath: Does it Okay, so if I stick my hold on So if I stick my thing in the ground.
And magic circle yes.
Delwath: What can I just I mean, I presume, I can draw it should I wish like is it a move to just pull it out of the ground is an action what's the story.
Timothy Sackton: it's an action to pull it out of the ground and now.
Delwath: But I can also cast it as.
Timothy Sackton: You can cast as an action, yes okay.
Delwath: So i'm just gonna wait.
we'll see what happens.
Timothy Sackton: So ah, what is, what is the wildfire spirit doing.
Iascaire: Casting heat metal on the.
Timothy Sackton: Is it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, now, just to be clear, the armband is surrounded by this like like there's all of these like thick black.
Timothy Sackton: Masses growing on top of the.
Timothy Sackton: demon and the arm and is tightly intertwined with these masters.
Timothy Sackton: Just letting you know it might not work quite as simply as you imagined but go ahead, go ahead.
Iascaire: Okay, so.
Iascaire: Does it automatically fail.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: So, but let me just do this in so let's say you are waiting, you are going to cast the spout so you cast keep metal on this thing, and you, you see it, you can do the damage the first time you you trigger it right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay so go ahead and roll damage.
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens.
Iascaire: nothing happens.
Iascaire: If the if the vines are a creature, they would take that.
Timothy Sackton: So the.
Timothy Sackton: Black ness begins to smoke, like the black finds that are wrapped around it sort of even at this distance, you can hear them like hissing and.
Timothy Sackton: Emerging out of the demon.
Timothy Sackton: You can see two swarms.
Timothy Sackton: Of wasps with like red eyes, like fiendish and out of nowhere.
Timothy Sackton: This tree just takes a step forward and a route flies out and strikes at your wildfire spirit.
Delwath: Is tree.
Aristaea: which we can see which.
Timothy Sackton: So sorry I.
Delwath: can't see whatever.
Timothy Sackton: That tree.
Iascaire: wow there is.
Timothy Sackton: All right, ah, so you probably can't see the demonic wasps either.
they're.
Aristaea: there.
Timothy Sackton: um what's your wildfire spirit AC.
Iascaire: Great question.
Iascaire: 13 that's not very good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the route hats.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: The wildfire spirit takes eight bludgeoning damage and is grappled.
Iascaire: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: A second route flies out hits the wildfire spirit which takes 11 points of damage and is still grappled.
Iascaire: here's a question if i'm casting a spell through the spirit and it's a concentration spell.
Timothy Sackton: And the only way you take.
Timothy Sackton: Damage because you're the one who's concentrating on the spell not the creature, not the spirit.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just.
Iascaire: If the if the wildfires we're drops and i'm not in that 60 foot range spell it.
Timothy Sackton: If if you're not in range on the wildfire spirit drops, then yes, the SPA with that if you are in range the SPA with transferred.
Iascaire: Okay, great.
Aristaea: We want to go protect your route fire spirit of vmware from trees and wasps.
Iascaire: I just want to move together with.
Aristaea: My with my little or of.
Iascaire: Right.
Delwath: This thing have glowing red eyes to.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Delwath: I think it was probably.
Like.
Iascaire: Maybe it makes sense to do a strategy minute there.
yeah.
Iascaire: So.
Iascaire: I, I think that it's probably worth.
Iascaire: It so it's just a bonus action for me to try to do the continued damage as long as I don't get it, so I think it's probably worth me staying back and trying not to get in.
Iascaire: The spirit can take a little bit more damage, but not a heck of a lot more.
Iascaire: And I can I can do some range shots of the tree or something that would be my my thought.
Delwath: wow.
Aristaea: Do we want to stay here, you want to get closer to your spirit.
Delwath: To go go up and protect your dough up so that you're within 60 feet, so if your spirit dies you still get the spell stays.
Delwath: yeah that's why I.
Delwath: really like.
Delwath: Where this here it is or in one of these squares.
Iascaire: or yeah we're more which the right unless that other trees spawns if we go right.
Delwath: like that.
Aristaea: wow probably does yeah.
Iascaire: yeah okay yeah so we could we can head over that way.
Delwath: I mean we might not even quite be able to get there and what.
Delwath: Turn but like there, but that we should all move as a group yeah if this was fiendish i'd be awfully tempted to just magic circles.
Delwath: But I don't think it's worth doing until.
Delwath: I mean magic circles pretty powerful beings cannot enter it.
Delwath: yeah.
Iascaire: But those are probably going to move fast.
Delwath: I mean magic circle is.
Aristaea: legit closer to that are met circles, where he can keep doing the.
Aristaea: Right heat metal.
Aristaea: Yes, can make magic circles.
Aristaea: Go ahead.
Iascaire: Sorry, I was taking her to.
Iascaire: work.
Aristaea: yeah.
Delwath: Right, I mean yeah.
Aristaea: Yes, caray to the heat metal spock.
Aristaea: So magic circle.
Delwath: I yeah I think that'll keep the wasps out, and I could just spell.
Delwath: This thing.
Iascaire: Okay.
Iascaire: sounds like a plan.
Delwath: I can cast a leveled spell well I use my sword as an action as a bonus right TIM.
Timothy Sackton: As a bonus action yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah cuz it's us it's us magical I.
Delwath: Can I I can party your email earlier, I should, in theory, also be able to create a pack is because it would be a free action, basically, as part of a move yeah.
Delwath: Because that I can do, I can I don't have to use this sword, I could use a regular sort.
Delwath: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: But way you can only have one pack dropping it.
Timothy Sackton: Once right.
Delwath: Now you can only have one magic weapon packed it.
Timothy Sackton: can summon is that we can summon.
Delwath: weapon you want as a pact weapon, you can so hex warrior once you have one weapon at a time that uses your charisma in western is your pack swap, in which case it also use.
Delwath: And you can summon as many packs I mean you can you can only have one packed weapons summon did it, but you can summon as many as you want.
Delwath: It it is maybe slightly unclear what the rules are what, if you have a magic I couldn't tell from reading the rules, what the deal with if you have a magic to be fashioned way you roll on this before I make my plan, but it was slightly unclear what happens if you have.
Delwath: turned a magic weapon into your pack summoning.
Delwath: Like I didn't look at it, but based on my character sheet, it was not very clear.
Timothy Sackton: I would say that.
Timothy Sackton: For now, I will say that your magic sword ceases to be your pack up until you spend another hour ritual to repacked.
Delwath: That that's extremely expensive.
Delwath: That that's not.
Timothy Sackton: Right you can't have to the whole point is you can't have multiple factor.
Delwath: Now that's not unreasonable it just it it defeats The purpose of my plan, because I wouldn't really want to be.
Timothy Sackton: Then you can go grab the sword yes.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Technically, by reading rules by the implication is that you cannot summon a different packed weapon once you bound a magic weapon that's your package that's it that's what appears when you create a pact weapon.
Delwath: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's that's the rules is right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, but I would I know it's a reasonable yeah.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to be flexible, you can create a new backdrop, but your old pack, but that your sword seems to be here.
Delwath: yeah it appears whenever you create your pad yep yeah fair enough.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Delwath: Well, and have to reconsider my plan, but anyway move on.
Delwath: So magic circle I just can cast spells instead of creating.
Timothy Sackton: Our stairs turn.
Aristaea: My guess I leave be My guess I can move at the end of my turn beginning of bitterness really matter.
Aristaea: i'm.
Aristaea: going to.
Aristaea: speak with animals.
Aristaea: To.
Aristaea: i'm gonna cast that moonbeam again.
Timothy Sackton: That ends protection from good and evil.
Aristaea: Oh yeah.
Aristaea: that's why to do it before.
Aristaea: i'm sorry.
Aristaea: i'll just.
Aristaea: Go how far can I move I can move my.
feet.
Aristaea: Okay i'm just gonna.
Aristaea: there's nothing I can do, I just moved here so that might.
Delwath: Well, why don't you go.
Delwath: Oh, you can't quite get there.
Aristaea: I can't quite get there, I moved towards being able to middle a fight with the tree.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you can dodge.
Timothy Sackton: dart with your APP.
Iascaire: You could really an action to fight it if it comes to you.
Timothy Sackton: Could you can ready an action to attack it if it comes into range of your week.
Aristaea: I will do that, whatever that means.
Delwath: yeah moving.
Delwath: sex.
Delwath: I am going to then magic circle let's do it.
Delwath: it's a 15 foot radius from where I put my sore.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: which will be right at this point right there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that also just remember the the sword only has one chart So if you magic.
Timothy Sackton: Sir, I.
Timothy Sackton: can't do.
Delwath: I can't dispel I know where it only has one charge.
Delwath: I can.
Delwath: Instead of the Spanish is just as good as.
Delwath: Christmas Eve either way.
Timothy Sackton: circle.
Delwath: it's.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, not.
Delwath: A magic circle spell it's a 15 foot radius centered on the sword.
Delwath: So it's a little bigger.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Come on.
Timothy Sackton: go away.
Timothy Sackton: i've got an atmosphere effect here that's.
Timothy Sackton: So that's your action.
Delwath: And i'm going to this guy looks big and nasty.
Timothy Sackton: The tray yeah.
Delwath: yeah i'm in a bonus action.
Delwath: Carson.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Iascaire: Well that's a nice circle.
Delwath: That is a great circle.
Timothy Sackton: that's me very big.
Delwath: And that.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: Well, if we count only the.
Timothy Sackton: view count only to.
Timothy Sackton: The the inner circle that's about right yeah.
Delwath: yeah it's close it's it's like actually sort of in between the inner and outer circle, but.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: centered it's not quite I want it centered one.
Timothy Sackton: there.
Delwath: there.
Timothy Sackton: There yeah.
Delwath: Like that yeah that's good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah OK that ends your turn.
Timothy Sackton: um let's see.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Let the sort of detaching itself from the body of the demon is a wolf.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to run 23456 and then these two swarms are going to move 1-234-567-8123 45678 and then we'll dash 1234567812.
Delwath: And the circle.
Timothy Sackton: Sex what.
Delwath: i'm telling phil but.
Delwath: Get in a circle.
Iascaire: I don't know I like here.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that will end there turns the tree gonna just go for.
Timothy Sackton: 123.
Timothy Sackton: And it's not a he.
Delwath: gets an attack.
Timothy Sackton: Why.
Delwath: She ready.
Timothy Sackton: All right, ready yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead and make your attack.
Iascaire: Does she get to because you double attacker is it.
Timothy Sackton: No, you don't get extra attack on ready.
Timothy Sackton: Actions just one attack.
Aristaea: All right, here we go.
Iascaire: Nice.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Aristaea: view tree.
Timothy Sackton: As you stop it like it's not.
Timothy Sackton: This thing is not hurting much from being stabbed.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: You got solid bark.
Timothy Sackton: And it is going to make to root attacks at the fire.
Delwath: A bonus action sanctuary.
Timothy Sackton: Both of those are going to head.
Iascaire: down.
Timothy Sackton: that's 21 points of damage.
Iascaire: See total or that's the first attack.
Timothy Sackton: Total.
Iascaire: Okay it's still up.
Timothy Sackton: Still grappled and it is now going to.
Timothy Sackton: This like tendrils of black this thing really does not like fire this tendrils of of black energy is going to.
Timothy Sackton: shoot out hitting the.
Timothy Sackton: wildfire deck safe.
Iascaire: See.
Timothy Sackton: It takes 13 points in the chronic damage.
Iascaire: it's got two left.
Delwath: Other things a lot of points.
Iascaire: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 50 that has gone to end the.
Timothy Sackton: trees turn.
Iascaire: Oh damn.
Delwath: Your arm temps I assume that the.
Delwath: The the wildfire thing is not actually controlling the spec right.
Iascaire: Correct yeah.
Iascaire: But.
Iascaire: I but I need to be in range.
Delwath: Well, but sanctuary on the wildfire thing it would wouldn't matter that it's not going to be it's, it is not doing something so sanctuary wouldn't be broken by it doing damage.
Timothy Sackton: Correct yeah.
Iascaire: Oh interesting yeah.
Iascaire: i'm okay i'm going to do a double move for my turn.
Delwath: Do you need to to get into.
yeah.
Iascaire: Am I protected there.
Delwath: Yes, definitely.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Delwath: it's three squares from this spot.
Timothy Sackton: Five feet out of range.
Iascaire: I gotta go one closer somehow I wanted to not be right up against this.
Iascaire: Against this guy but that seems to be where we're gonna close.
Delwath: out hold on.
Delwath: that's that square this bottom squaring the trees, you should be still in the magic circle.
Timothy Sackton: Now that needs to be 60 feet from the.
Iascaire: circle yeah.
Iascaire: And maybe maybe only for this turn because I bonus action and I realized that.
Iascaire: That I should have been able to use the enhanced bond to roll an extra da on that fire damage it's a fire.
Delwath: you're gonna you are going to have to be there that's yeah.
Iascaire: TIM, do you think this is would that would that stack every turn of just the first thing.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and enhance bond on.
Iascaire: On the heat metal.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's a good question usually those things say when you cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton: yeah now when you do damage with a spa, which would mean the first term.
Timothy Sackton: But i'll just.
Iascaire: i'll just let you roll okay.
Delwath: i'm doing damage to an object wouldn't bring sanctuary.
Iascaire: interesting.
Delwath: it's only to another creature.
Delwath: I can think sure you instead of the fire spirit.
Iascaire: Well, unless the roots are in less than 10 roles or creature, then they.
There yeah.
Iascaire: Well, so looking for my email oh one second so there's the metal.
Timothy Sackton: And you can add an extra da to this one all.
Right.
Iascaire: Oh one short.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so more of the tendrils burn off.
Iascaire: The actually it actually would have it would have burned it last year, and if we had it that way, so to me.
Timothy Sackton: That the.
Timothy Sackton: circling itself does not seem to be damaged at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Okay tendrils around it, are smoking.
Delwath: interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Almost seem to be absorbing the fire somehow.
Iascaire: Okay, my wild.
Timothy Sackton: just beginning to show it's beginning to be clear.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: My wildfire spirit will go Oh, do I use bonus action for that okay.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: You can't command.
yeah.
Iascaire: It takes the dodge action right.
Timothy Sackton: On initiative count 20.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry i've got too many tabs open here.
Aristaea: I.
Aristaea: said.
Timothy Sackton: Two more trees begin to.
Delwath: aches.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no more than two.
Delwath: But not good.
Timothy Sackton: These are much smaller.
out.
Iascaire: There just baby groups.
Delwath: Okay.
Delwath: time for area of effect radiant damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: ha your turn.
Delwath: You don't have any like template.
Delwath: I could draw circle.
Timothy Sackton: I do i've got lots of templates, what do you need.
Delwath: I need a 30 foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: For what smell.
Delwath: sickening radius sickening how do I do that.
Delwath: And I get rid of the thing that.
Delwath: i'm just trying to figure out where I can place it that'll hit as many things as possible.
Delwath: But who's but who's going just.
Timothy Sackton: sickening radio says turn.
Timothy Sackton: on getting it for you well, she goes.
Aristaea: i'm how i'm done with how long is this sanctuary bubble gum the last like it should have been definite.
Delwath: Is that in our for now for up sorry for hours at last for four hours and guess what it does not require concentration.
Delwath: face, it is not going anywhere.
Aristaea: So.
Delwath: Much my store to actually fight.
Aristaea: Because if we're going to stand in here and.
Aristaea: be protected by the sanctuary and I feel that my good and evil may be a little bit redundant and so, if I were to do a different concentration spell that actually had some you know fire damage power.
Aristaea: better than just.
Aristaea: hope.
Delwath: yeah well that's probably.
Delwath: Let me just.
Delwath: I think that's true right target yeah there's no.
Delwath: The circle is strictly better than protection.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Aristaea: But, did you say something about if we do damage when we're in here, then we.
Delwath: know that sanctuary so I was gonna cast sanctuary separately.
Delwath: Which means you can't be attacked unless you.
attack.
Delwath: Just to protect things from the tree guy while we heat metal.
Delwath: But i'm not going to do with this turn because it has an actual spell.
Delwath: So yeah I can.
Aristaea: I can go ahead and do damage yes it's okay all right, then i'm going to stop i'm gonna cast moonbeam which I know will stop.
Aristaea: Here What, though.
Aristaea: Whatever it is protection from good and evil, but I think that it's worth it.
Aristaea: Though I.
Aristaea: wouldn't be on the tree because.
Aristaea: it's like something that would not like.
Timothy Sackton: So where are you you're putting it like right there.
Aristaea: yeah right.
Aristaea: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so mood beam I think that does damage on the start of its turn, is that right.
Aristaea: When you're interested spells area for the first time on a turn or started it's train, there is a thing called in this explains blah blah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Iascaire: And it would it wouldn't hit the wasps to if it shifted up five.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can you can put it there and hit the wasps.
Aristaea: sure.
Iascaire: it's the same like it's a strong right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah that's the same so that's your action.
Timothy Sackton: So that ends your turn that was.
Delwath: sickening I assume this would get this guy he's well enough into that.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah that would.
Delwath: So I will cast sickening radius right there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And that's also when you start your turn.
Delwath: That is starts turn yes i'm trying to think of I want to do a bonus action.
Delwath: Well, you don't really have any good bonus actions to do so, I that's all i'm doing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so.
Delwath: i'm going to bonus action use my ring.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: What save moonbeam is Constitution okay.
Timothy Sackton: what's your DC though it.
Delwath: Might 17.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: Only this wolf makes it safe.
Timothy Sackton: How much damage does it do.
For the 10.
Timothy Sackton: Outside enroll for the big tree.
Timothy Sackton: Big tree also makes it safe.
Delwath: They all also get a level of exhaustion.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: And they have let's see so they get one level exhaustion.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well this whoops this warm here that's in both the moon beam and the.
Timothy Sackton: that's in both the moon baby and the sickening radiance dies half damage if they make a save as that right.
Delwath: sickening radius is.
Timothy Sackton: No damage.
Delwath: No damage if they make it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that one.
Timothy Sackton: Or is this not working.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me look, please.
Timothy Sackton: Ah yeah and all of these little.
Timothy Sackton: Little trees are just die.
Delwath: That was useful.
Timothy Sackton: And now that's what i'm saying so alive it's gonna fly 123456789 dashing again.
Timothy Sackton: This thing that made the same is going to go 12345678 stay there.
Timothy Sackton: The big tree is going to make love route attack on fire.
Timothy Sackton: we're just gonna hit.
Timothy Sackton: it's down 11 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay fires down.
Timothy Sackton: But you still got spouse.
Timothy Sackton: And then it's going to.
Timothy Sackton: make a rude attack at.
Timothy Sackton: Dell with.
Delwath: disadvantage.
advantage.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Delwath: 2121 will hit.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that is.
Timothy Sackton: 12 points of bludgeoning damage and you are also grappled.
Delwath: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: And then these two little trees are going to rush.
Timothy Sackton: forward just whoever's closest which is.
Timothy Sackton: Our staff.
Timothy Sackton: They are going to make.
Timothy Sackton: Claude attacks each which both miss.
Timothy Sackton: Ask grey you're up.
Timothy Sackton: You think probably.
Timothy Sackton: can see, probably the leg tendrils around that, though I forgot.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Iascaire: Sorry, are you saying that tendrils.
Timothy Sackton: The 10 dolls are probably about half burned off at this point, though the.
Iascaire: So.
Iascaire: So for my action is there a spot.
Iascaire: Within 10 feet of.
Iascaire: All three of these that wouldn't it.
Iascaire: Are there.
Iascaire: Some I guess this a spot here could get these two but not this guy.
Timothy Sackton: you're not getting all three of them, you can get to that.
Delwath: don't like a little guys don't have more than 24 hit points i'd ignore them.
Iascaire: Okay, so yeah I will.
Iascaire: I will use my action to spawn.
Iascaire: A time again.
Iascaire: Okay, so that's my second wildfire spirit i'm all out of those now.
Iascaire: And i'm going to.
Timothy Sackton: Take it's not immune to second in radiance.
Iascaire: Oh, what happens with that.
Delwath: If it starts its turn, it takes 4010 damage.
Iascaire: whoa.
Iascaire: Okay we'll just put them over here, then.
Iascaire: So yeah So it goes there and.
Timothy Sackton: The big thing.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: makes a taxi yeah it makes it it's got it's 18 out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, if thousands deck safe.
Iascaire: Okay, so it takes to the six.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: So oh wow three fire damage, maybe, maybe don't concentrate all its hits on it again.
Timothy Sackton: The the flames kind of raised up it's bought the body of this tree crackling and burning and it seems to be taking even more damage than you would expect.
Iascaire: whoo six damage instead of three.
And then.
Iascaire: And then I will do the bonus action for metal again.
Iascaire: and
Iascaire: Is your.
Iascaire: One eight more.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it seems like now, having watched this for you know a few turns it, it does not seem like as long as the thing is in contact with this demons body, it is taking the fire damage the flesh of the demon is just.
Timothy Sackton: And it is not.
Timothy Sackton: The metal itself is not cheating.
Brutal.
Timothy Sackton: demon be unified.
Timothy Sackton: Now yeah the tendrils are clear, but the.
Timothy Sackton: demon itself being immune to fire seems to be protecting this thing interesting okay somebody's gonna have to get it off its risks before you can destroy it.
Timothy Sackton: that's it.
Timothy Sackton: That is your turn on initiative kind of 20 more trees animate.
Aristaea: I need to keep potentially.
Timothy Sackton: All dying immediately.
Delwath: cuz it's aware action.
Aristaea: That.
Delwath: also makes no sense, no.
Delwath: Just powerful creatures get special attacks in their their layers get to do special things.
Iascaire: Sorry, so we know this big old trees.
Delwath: Yes.
Iascaire: They get a little trees.
Delwath: correct, but if they walk into the thing they take.
Delwath: While they say.
Iascaire: that's not a little tree that's.
Delwath: You know that's a bigger tree.
Delwath: But it's Okay, this is.
Timothy Sackton: A medium tree.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Two more appear actually this one's gonna appear over here.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, let me go on this initiative i'm going to just have them go on the wasps turn okay ah as day you're up.
Aristaea: All right.
Delwath: I would focus fire on the big guy.
Delwath: But.
Delwath: yeah if.
Aristaea: it's if.
Aristaea: it's already in moonbeam which is my only fire right ability.
Aristaea: Be.
Timothy Sackton: No damage from your Pike it just seemed that stabbing it wasn't super effective.
Timothy Sackton: It burns up fast with fire and it resists Pearson.
Aristaea: All right, well.
Timothy Sackton: I know it's my.
Timothy Sackton: it's not going to resist radiant damage.
Aristaea: But that would break my wooden beam which.
Delwath: Know site doesn't require concentration.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Aristaea: Oh regular.
Timothy Sackton: Regular snake yeah you could break your moonbeam and do your fire smite which would do extra damage.
Aristaea: I thought of that but.
Aristaea: i'm doing so.
Aristaea: i'm committed, but I will regular smite with my.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry.
guys.
Timothy Sackton: At the end of its turn it didn't want it doesn't want to stay and effectively spell so it was gonna take one step.
Timothy Sackton: This way.
Delwath: In should still be in the sickening radius.
Delwath: I don't know, maybe not.
Iascaire: And some folks would get an opportunity right.
Timothy Sackton: Well it's not leaving anybody he's reached there I guess i'll get i'll get a little step that way so that.
Delwath: While that will have to get an opportunity attack on it.
Timothy Sackton: So you get off, you can do.
Delwath: I have no.
Delwath: I have no weapon.
Iascaire: Right of a dagger something in there.
Delwath: I could punch it now.
Delwath: I don't I literally.
Delwath: Tell us carries no weapons.
Timothy Sackton: that's funny but you're but Thursday I can make an attack of opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: And you can also if you want use a bonus action to move the moon.
Aristaea: Yes, I definitely want to use a bonus action to move them and being.
Aristaea: A better person.
Aristaea: On each of my turns after I cast a spell I can use an action to the beam.
Timothy Sackton: So it's an action if you want to move it so that means you can't attack.
Iascaire: But you can attack when it left your.
Your REACH.
Delwath: The attack first.
Aristaea: Okay, so i'll do my opportunity attack with my Pike but that's just a regular attack because it's not.
Aristaea: I can't smile, and I can.
Timothy Sackton: You can smite if you want to roll to hit first.
Aristaea: i'm doing that.
Timothy Sackton: got it, Mrs.
Aristaea: Okay, well then, I definitely can't do anything.
Aristaea: Then i'm going to move my moonbeam what.
Timothy Sackton: No okay so you're going to put it oops that's the magic circle.
Timothy Sackton: Okay So where do you want to put the movie.
Aristaea: mean if I put it on the tree you can't really overlap anything it can't hit those hornets.
Timothy Sackton: know if you put it right, you know you can't really get the tree and the hornets and that's only four squares.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can't get to thing I mean unless you move it over.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you move and you put it on top of these two things you could kill both of them.
Timothy Sackton: Or you could just put it there.
Why don't you.
Delwath: Put it between it and us.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty here.
Delwath: yeah because then.
Delwath: it's going to be less likely, I mean it could still move towards us obviously but.
Delwath: That means that if it.
Delwath: runs away from us then.
Aristaea: it's a good player, but.
Aristaea: that's where it but.
Aristaea: Now i'm done with my bed, because I had one.
Timothy Sackton: Must when.
Timothy Sackton: you're done with your turn.
Timothy Sackton: Down with it next.
Aristaea: I think it might just move one space away for the eventual possible moving of the moon beam to those two little trees if they don't have.
Timothy Sackton: This little tree will get an attack on you.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a 1919 plus three so that actually hits you and you take four points of peers.
Aristaea: or.
Delwath: I will.
Delwath: aldrich blast.
Delwath: The.
Delwath: tree.
Delwath: 21.
got hits.
Delwath: wow that's plus four from my text blake curse so.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: Then I will do it again.
well.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Delwath: plus four.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
i'm.
Timothy Sackton: gonna Saxon.
Delwath: Would sanctuary help anybody here does anybody not planning on testing spells are attacking now so forget it.
Delwath: yeah.
Delwath: yeah nothing else.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this wasp sees.
Timothy Sackton: An opportunity and flies swarming around.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, but it was a natural one, so nothing happens.
As.
Timothy Sackton: swarming around the wildfire to know, a fact.
Iascaire: Man I love that.
Timothy Sackton: let's see this thing.
Timothy Sackton: let's see you can go 12345678 then dash 12345678.
Timothy Sackton: And up in the wasps spot.
Timothy Sackton: That ends there turns that.
Timothy Sackton: The large tree.
Timothy Sackton: is going to make to route attacks first that's going to make a concept for.
Timothy Sackton: moonbeam which it fails it's a roll your moon been damage.
Aristaea: living there so many screens.
Timothy Sackton: And it's gonna make two attacks against the wildfire spirit with the law of high spirits AC.
Iascaire: 13.
Timothy Sackton: Both had.
Aristaea: In my 11 radiant damage.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I saw that that that thing doesn't have a great day, see.
Timothy Sackton: My well so that's a total of yeah that's a total of 20 points of damage on the wildfire sphere and it's going to use one more neurotic blast.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so another deck saving throw for the wildfire spirit.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it takes 16 points of the chronic damage and then it's going to stop.
Iascaire: What was the total on that sorry.
Iascaire: It was.
Timothy Sackton: And 20 so 36 total 36.
Timothy Sackton: step away so if you have a melee weapon, you can make an attack of opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: me yep.
Iascaire: I got the facility name.
Timothy Sackton: I guess that can count as a dagger if you want.
Iascaire: Oh yeah it's a dagger for sure.
Iascaire: I roll stepping on it goes like this wind.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that does not hit now this trade needs to make a con save for.
Timothy Sackton: For the sickening radiance.
Timothy Sackton: That is going to be.
Timothy Sackton: 15 so that one fails.
Delwath: role and say.
Iascaire: Sorry, Tim I lost track of the hip points on my spirit again, did you give me it was 30.
Timothy Sackton: Was 3636 damage yeah.
Iascaire: Thank you so much.
Timothy Sackton: whoo 33 damage that's a lot these guys are a bit stronger.
pretends.
Timothy Sackton: But it looks pretty hurt after that.
Timothy Sackton: This thing is going to move.
Timothy Sackton: Six it's gonna move it's gonna dash.
Timothy Sackton: To about there and that and then this thing is also going to dash.
Timothy Sackton: can't quite get out of the second ingredients and these two things are going to move.
Timothy Sackton: around here and attack they've been attacking.
Timothy Sackton: Our staff and they're going to continue to attack our staff.
Timothy Sackton: Both miss.
Timothy Sackton: But moving there that ends bad guys turn.
Timothy Sackton: asked her your op.
Iascaire: That was me.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're up.
Iascaire: sweet I dropped concentration and I.
Iascaire: create a wall of fire.
Timothy Sackton: is also a you see now emerging out of the dead body of the demon is like some sort of demonic boar.
Timothy Sackton: i'm going to add some of these two initiatives to everybody's not going at the same time.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you putting the wildfire.
Iascaire: Putting it there ish.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me hold on.
Iascaire: yeah so it's 60 feet long and i'm gonna hit everything I can there.
Iascaire: and try and put it toward the rock if I can totally blocked before oh that'd be cool.
Delwath: boy I can't get to us, though.
Iascaire: Oh it's demonic.
Delwath: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The bar is demonic yeah.
Iascaire: yeah so something like this, like top to bottom.
Delwath: We have.
Delwath: The tree things, then we can sit here killing the demons.
Delwath: To our hearts content oh.
Aristaea: somebody's.
Aristaea: gotta go cut the bracelet off, but.
Delwath: i'm going to send my shadow beast.
Iascaire: yeah that covered.
Delwath: I have a thing.
Delwath: You do it.
Timothy Sackton: Something like that.
Iascaire: absolutely perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so it gets.
Delwath: To move it over one.
Iascaire: To the right.
Delwath: To the right maybe just to like more completely cut off, I guess, then it doesn't get the wolf.
Iascaire: It will get will.
Timothy Sackton: Get the wall.
Delwath: yeah so those leave it there that's perfect.
Iascaire: So to perfect.
Aristaea: What is I.
Iascaire: do see a team and it's 31 fire damage.
Timothy Sackton: what's the safe.
yeah.
Delwath: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Delwath: 60 points of fire damage will be pretty good.
Timothy Sackton: giant trees don't have great decks 13.
Timothy Sackton: that's got a minus two decks seven.
Timothy Sackton: The swarm only has two points left so it's gone so well thousand okay Dax the wolf the wolf role than 18 so the wolf takes half damage the swarm is gone the tree is looking badly hurt as it burst into flames a.
Delwath: Big tree or the little town.
Timothy Sackton: The big tree the little tree is blown away completely.
Iascaire: sweep.
Iascaire: The.
Iascaire: My wildfire.
Timothy Sackton: But the wolf if it makes it save it takes no damage are happening.
haha.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: got it.
Iascaire: Okay, and then my wildfire elemental will teleport 15 feet 510 15 and both the wolf and the training to make a.
Iascaire: deck save 18 again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the wall fails, how much damage to the take.
Timothy Sackton: The tree also fails.
Timothy Sackton: This tree is looking in in bad shape like it's now burning from like six places.
Timothy Sackton: The wolf is also not actually looking too bad at all, it doesn't seem to be particularly badly hurt by this fire okay.
Timothy Sackton: tree is like just up in flames at this point it can't have more than a dozen endpoints left.
Iascaire: cool that's it for me.
Timothy Sackton: Okay ah.
Timothy Sackton: let's see what emerges.
Timothy Sackton: Another swarm of these little trees.
Timothy Sackton: begin to emerge.
Timothy Sackton: From everywhere.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, and our stats your turn.
Aristaea: alright.
Aristaea: So, moving my moonbeam as an action.
Delwath: I just.
Delwath: Had a guy and i'll probably kill him.
Aristaea: yeah i'm gonna be in the guy in the wearables.
Delwath: And you'll get all three of them right.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's only it's only.
Aristaea: Two squares squares yeah it's a pretty focused been but yeah yeah.
Iascaire: TIM does the tree do the when the trees form is that the end of their term or is that, like a different thing.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's yeah that's the that's the form on initiative count 20 and then they get a normal turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's not their turn, when they form.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: i'm gonna roll initiative for them.
Timothy Sackton: So it is.
Timothy Sackton: It is, let me, actually, let me will initiative for the trees for the little trees to see if they'd be dealt with.
Aristaea: What initiative count 20.
Delwath: Just means initiative 20.
Timothy Sackton: If you're so like you, your initiative is 16.
Timothy Sackton: yeah what's this 1020 is just whatever 20 would it's just another number.
Timothy Sackton: Down with your up.
Delwath: Okay, so I go before.
Timothy Sackton: You go.
Delwath: Anybody okay I keep wanting to say when.
Delwath: It does anybody have.
Timothy Sackton: She just when she moved the movie.
Delwath: Oh, but I didn't kill it.
Timothy Sackton: It takes damage at the start of its turn.
Delwath: Ah Okay, and is there a safe for the damage.
yep.
Delwath: um.
Delwath: I will cast mines slipper on it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: Intelligence DC 17 inch safe.
Timothy Sackton: What kind of damage does it do.
psychic.
Delwath: psychic damage.
Timothy Sackton: it's I mean just psychic damage.
Delwath: Does it still get it's minus 24 on its next attack.
Timothy Sackton: It is so yeah.
Delwath: I mean i'd say.
Timothy Sackton: i'd say.
Timothy Sackton: It felt safe.
Timothy Sackton: So it doesn't take damage, but it still takes the minus Wendy.
Delwath: That was a useless Oh well.
Delwath: I should i'll just blast it.
Delwath: And that's that that's what i'm doing here.
Delwath: minus good point on it safe.
Timothy Sackton: Ah that's a 16.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's gonna make it.
Timothy Sackton: Because even with the minus one it's a 50 in.
Timothy Sackton: DC so it meets the DC so it takes half damage, but you still might kill it roll your damage.
Aristaea: damage.
Timothy Sackton: Real your movie damage.
Aristaea: I wasn't sure if it was it's turn yet.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's turn it goes after Bella.
Timothy Sackton: Oh only had six points left that's just enough.
Timothy Sackton: That the tree falls burning.
Timothy Sackton: My air pods are dead, the tree falls burning as it collapses i'm leaving it here, because this area where it collapsed is not difficult terrain as it's filled with a pile of smoldering.
Timothy Sackton: smoldering.
Timothy Sackton: logs but this thing is dead from the movie.
Aristaea: And also damage the werewolf to the thing.
Aristaea: Yes, wrong.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta roll the wolf safe to I felt that save and actually, that is.
Timothy Sackton: going to be enough to kill the loss as well.
Timothy Sackton: whoops I deleted the wall of fire there's too many effects up here.
Timothy Sackton: I can't get to my actual tokens.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's see after dealt with yeah that's great up.
Iascaire: I got my concentration going.
Iascaire: I.
Timothy Sackton: know their bore sorry on it initial contact for emerges.
Iascaire: yeah.
Delwath: I mean take out that I mean i'd go after the trees.
Iascaire: yeah yeah.
Delwath: I mean I wouldn't even too worried about the ones that are, on the other side of the wall fire what are they going to do, but.
Iascaire: Right i'm going to.
Delwath: add the ones that are skating right next to us.
Iascaire: yeah.
Iascaire: Could I do a 15 foot Cone.
Iascaire: from me.
Iascaire: And not hit.
Iascaire: del when just put it up this way if I did it burning hands.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Delwath: I mean a Cone shouldn't a Cone is five feet next to you and then 10 and then I just don't know that yet.
Timothy Sackton: here's a 15 foot Cone.
Timothy Sackton: oops that's not.
Timothy Sackton: fair.
Iascaire: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: So you're not quite going to get this tree.
Delwath: What if you just move.
Iascaire: Then I might get an attack of opportunity that could take my wallet fire down.
Delwath: that's true.
Iascaire: I will just do a produce flame with disadvantaged, on the one that is south of me.
Okay.
Iascaire: So that one would have been good that one's also good.
yeah.
Iascaire: That.
Timothy Sackton: richie's little ones only have 10 hit points and.
Iascaire: it's dead.
Iascaire: regards the time Okay, so that one's down, and I will.
Iascaire: use my bonus action to get.
Delwath: You don't get to flames at a pretty slim.
Timothy Sackton: No it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's 2d six damage it's not.
Delwath: Ah it's only.
Timothy Sackton: lasted only one that gives you extra extra attacks.
Iascaire: Right okay so on the on the wildfires turn it's going to go 510 1520 and then it'll do that teleport again 510 15.
Iascaire: leaving this where both trees have to make that duck soup.
Iascaire: The medium and the big.
Timothy Sackton: They both fail, so the little ones, how much damage is it.
Iascaire: 1264 so it's yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah Okay, the little ones one okay.
Iascaire: And then it's tend to the or whatever the big one.
Timothy Sackton: yeah tend to the big one.
Iascaire: Okay i'm gonna move.
Delwath: Down you took out.
Delwath: The wrong token TIM.
Timothy Sackton: Oh sorry.
Delwath: You just deleted, Kate.
Delwath: like what happened to our ally.
Timothy Sackton: hey guys.
Timothy Sackton: I moved down a little bit.
Aristaea: And you think so tiny.
Iascaire: that's it for me.
Timothy Sackton: You can see man.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, the demonic bars are going to.
Timothy Sackton: rush up and stop.
Timothy Sackton: By the wall of fire and just kind of way.
Delwath: out tallest well fires only like a certain it's not super tall right.
Timothy Sackton: I think it's 10.
Timothy Sackton: There are 10 by 10 panels, I believe.
Delwath: Actually it doesn't doesn't really matter.
Delwath: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: These let's see these ones can move.
Iascaire: 20 feet high.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: These ones can move 20 feet, so the 234.
Timothy Sackton: doesn't like the fire and it's going to go 123412345678 234-568-1234 567-812-3456 781-234-5678.
Timothy Sackton: Actually, this one, this one can go 1234567 down now.
Timothy Sackton: That as their turn bladed tree is in sickening radians so it needs to make a con say.
Delwath: 1917.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that takes no damage and though it's badly wounded, is going to stop there, and take a swing at Dell with.
Timothy Sackton: Which is a 19 to hit.
Delwath: 20 AC.
Timothy Sackton: That messes.
Timothy Sackton: That ends its turn.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Stay you're up.
Aristaea: i'm.
Aristaea: getting tired and I wouldn't really be in.
Delwath: These guys.
Aristaea: i'm going to the moon these guys and just tired of it.
Aristaea: put it on the tree that's close to me and the one next to it.
Timothy Sackton: That you get.
Timothy Sackton: Three more trees animate.
Timothy Sackton: You don't get the sense that.
Aristaea: Like, why are they popping up, I thought we cook a big tree.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be like, as you pay attention, it seems like they're.
Timothy Sackton: Somehow This is connected to the demon.
Timothy Sackton: tendrils from the demon are spreading out to the forest.
Timothy Sackton: situation where you can stop you might have to accomplish your mission and get out.
Delwath: Okay, well, I have a plan.
Aristaea: yeah when is your spectral friend here.
Delwath: As soon as I get a term I just forgot to do allaster I did something effectual instead I cuz I wasn't thinking quickly.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: You move your your moon beam are you doing anything else.
Aristaea: I don't have anything else to do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's.
Aristaea: it's an action so, then I don't can't do anything else.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that and your turn sorry, let me just grab initiative for these new things that popped up.
Delwath: A Chester fiendish.
Timothy Sackton: The plants that appear don't seem to be it seems like the animals are all fiendish but the.
Delwath: Plans aren't okay.
Timothy Sackton: that's a 14 okay so they're going to get to go next.
Timothy Sackton: One of them needs to make a car and save.
Timothy Sackton: fails.
Delwath: Sorry, one SEC for damage.
Delwath: doesn't want really long animation that's been between 10 and one for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: that's when it's going to just run away from the wall wow 33 to 14 that's a big.
Delwath: shift well, I wrote three times in a three this time I rolled much crappier.
Delwath: I also get the level of exhaustion which only matters when he gets to to and starting to get higher than that but.
Timothy Sackton: This one is going to move 12345.
Timothy Sackton: And attack that sex and attack the wildfire spirit.
Timothy Sackton: guys really don't like fire.
Timothy Sackton: Actually it's going to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But that's an eight and nine, so it misses.
Finally.
Timothy Sackton: This one took damage, but can still move 123456 dash.
Timothy Sackton: 123456 ending up there, and the other one is running away from the wall fire down with your up.
Delwath: All right.
Delwath: Something shadow bs.
Delwath: Ah, which has a 90 foot range, so it appears right there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: And i'm going to tell it to.
Delwath: dig out the basically cut off the demons arm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a.
Timothy Sackton: make a constitution saving throw for the shadow beast.
Delwath: 17.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it takes six points in the chronic damage.
Delwath: Okay, it doesn't have that many hit points does that seem like it was making progress.
Timothy Sackton: If making progress it's wiggling the arm but it's the farm is laying on the ground so it's not how it's a small creature.
Timothy Sackton: How much weight candidate left.
Delwath: Can I summit, the way.
Timothy Sackton: i've never some into the way you can somewhere with.
Delwath: yeah i'll some of the lead form, but as a strength of one.
Delwath: I mean a strength of 13 but the land form is supposed to small but the land form is bigger and.
Delwath: I know.
Delwath: The land form get attacked by things now i'm gonna i'm gonna summon because it can fly it can it can do like a flyby right, so it can.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that was your action right.
Delwath: Somebody it was my action.
Delwath: It otherwise can can.
Delwath: yeah just act on it sound oh that's concentration that's Okay, the sickening radius is not that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: That ends your turn.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's my turn he doing a bonus action.
Delwath: Does anybody want.
Delwath: sanctuary.
Delwath: Anybody okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ask grey.
Iascaire: Yes.
Iascaire: I am going to.
Iascaire: Should we do a strategy minute.
Delwath: yeah so.
Delwath: This thing only has 20 hit points, but if it can separate the arm, it can fly it back here and drop it.
Delwath: Somewhere useful.
Aristaea: I mean do is that we need to be near us, because we need to like take the bracelet off of the arm.
Aristaea: dexterous.
Delwath: or just because it's easy to do fire damage if it's nearby you just burning hands it or something.
Timothy Sackton: Can you make a strength check for the shadow vs, by the way, I just want to see how well it's doing in terms of this thing.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's another another turn with that well a roll it will get it off.
Delwath: With that well a strength for all.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't have to be quite that high.
Delwath: Because I wasn't at it only as a.
State.
Timothy Sackton: Not with another another turn without a terrible strength for all right okay.
um.
Iascaire: So in that case i'll just i'll just mess up the little.
Delwath: It might die right right.
Delwath: it's the problem it only has 20 hit points so if if it's going to take.
Delwath: You don't is 14 left.
Iascaire: Right, so I mean I could I could start working my way up there with the.
Iascaire: With the teleportation from the wildfire spirit as backup.
Delwath: And if you go over there you're gonna get swarmed and killed we shouldn't really we've are what all safe.
Iascaire: Right.
Aristaea: I could miss the step, there will be faster.
Delwath: I mean yeah you could miss the staff.
Timothy Sackton: But you can't miss a step back there.
Delwath: You can't quite let me missy step is only 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: If you miss the step well you actually can't miss the step there because it's, on the other side of a wall of fire.
Timothy Sackton: places, you can see right.
Delwath: or no.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Delwath: It is, it is only see but you can't see through all fire, no.
Aristaea: No places I have seen.
Aristaea: I remember what it looks like.
Iascaire: that's a that's a risky maneuver you're.
In the rug.
Delwath: um I mean.
Aristaea: Oh, can I get to the top of the Rock.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: By.
Delwath: Your plan is to do you have magic fire.
Aristaea: just get the thing off its wrist I can't actually do any metric fire stuff i'd have to.
Delwath: see if the.
Timothy Sackton: Burning smite don't you.
Aristaea: Can you burning smite an object, I thought you had to.
I thought, what.
Aristaea: You can you can make it.
Timothy Sackton: against an object.
Delwath: To be, to be perfectly I mean we're not in like a massive Russia between the magic circle and the wall fire like.
Delwath: I mean yeah there's some things sneaking in it's not perfect, where eventually you get overwhelmed the die, but like We probably have a few rounds.
Iascaire: Right, I think.
Iascaire: The word if your thing dies, I can I could run 60 feet both me and the wildfire spirit teleport 15 feet on top of the rock and.
Iascaire: be able to do something, the following turn.
Delwath: Right it's just anybody who's out there there's to these large demonic bars are probably not.
Delwath: Why be super safe.
Delwath: yeah like.
Iascaire: They might not be able to see me.
Iascaire: If I stayed behind the rock on the on the wildfire side they wouldn't.
Delwath: I mean, I can always catch them visibility, if it comes to it would use.
Delwath: My other spell slot but.
Iascaire: For now i'll send off these trees.
Delwath: yeah let's let's like let's I mean I can also use a spouse lots of summon the shadow beast again if I use a style slot is way more power.
Iascaire: cool.
Delwath: Though that would be the other.
Delwath: Like I get one free action as a second level spell, but I could submit it as a fifth level spell it gets all kinds of bonuses if I do a higher.
Delwath: Although not to strength or con so how much it matters.
Delwath: I don't think I have anything else, that would super usefully.
Delwath: let's just let's just try and clean out these guys, so that we feel like we have a little bit longer before we get overwhelmed yeah the shadow does.
Delwath: anybody can like.
Delwath: create a wall of something else to protect us from the other side.
Iascaire: yeah okay so on my turn i'm gonna i'm gonna take man, I hope this doesn't mess up the wall fire i'm going to take a step back from this guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: risky move.
Iascaire: got good.
Iascaire: But let's see.
Timothy Sackton: that's a natural 20.
Iascaire: All right, let's see what it does.
Timothy Sackton: Ah Okay, do you want to use your.
Timothy Sackton: Did you read that the blessings you got.
Delwath: Oh, you should totally use that.
Aristaea: I have no idea what anyone is something.
Timothy Sackton: That match right incredible head into a regular hit.
Timothy Sackton: OK ready thought.
Timothy Sackton: It uses.
Aristaea: tell me what i'm doing what do I need to I need to roll something.
Aristaea: out.
Timothy Sackton: click on something Member you got to blessings from the two tonchi you fried right yes.
Timothy Sackton: One of those two blessings can use your reaction to turn a critical hit into a normal head.
Aristaea: Okay.
Aristaea: Which is in my like inventory.
Aristaea: Yes, this things are in.
Timothy Sackton: You take nine points of slashing damage instead of 16 points of slashing damage.
Iascaire: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So make a concept, they need to make a gun safe but remember you you're.
Timothy Sackton: you're in the are so you well, it doesn't matter anyway, but you get an additional plus three because you're in the aura.
Timothy Sackton: sweet cancer concentration stays to well does not go, but you do take nine points of damn well.
Iascaire: Sorry nine he said.
Iascaire: yep okay thanks for saving making.
Aristaea: sure everyone reminder, I thought it was something for me, because it had to be fixed my Armor edibles.
Iascaire: I might.
Iascaire: continue moving up from here.
Iascaire: case so where was I was down here so 510 1520 2530 now.
Delwath: And then burning hands.
Delwath: that'll get don't probably can't leave the other trees, do you arrive on a risk and.
Timothy Sackton: you're gonna get another opportunity attack, if you do if you leave.
Iascaire: The big a minute i'm gonna stay right there burning hands down.
Timothy Sackton: So stay loops stay.
Timothy Sackton: can't select your to go.
Delwath: back over one to the left.
Timothy Sackton: There yeah because otherwise you'll take an attack from this big tree.
Iascaire: Oh really i'm still I wanna i'm on the corner that big tree there right.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no you're right you're on the corner of the big tree.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: like that.
Iascaire: Actually, I was thinking like straight down would probably hit the.
Iascaire: Big guy.
Iascaire: Road little ones.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Iascaire: yeah like that, and then rotated.
Iascaire: One clockwise.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: like that.
Timothy Sackton: Honesty is easier, yes it is is basically it's 1234 it's six squares.
Delwath: but can you go over to on a wall, or you would you hit Kate if you were.
Delwath: Now that doesn't hit any of us right.
Delwath: There it would hit none of us and.
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna.
Timothy Sackton: it's gonna get yeah I don't get the three trees.
Iascaire: yeah that's what I wanted.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I see what you're doing.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that'll get those three trees okay.
Iascaire: So just.
Timothy Sackton: Burning hands.
Iascaire: First level burning hands.
Timothy Sackton: 118 deck save trees very dexterous now oh natural 20 so that's the 19 Dell succeeds.
Iascaire: I think.
Timothy Sackton: 10 Okay, so that this this middle one succeeded.
Iascaire: it'll still die, though.
Timothy Sackton: But it's still gonna die because that is still 13 damage Okay, so this one dies this one does this guy had 16 hit points less than that guy dies off the tree is just.
Timothy Sackton: Right off the fire.
Iascaire: And then I will.
Iascaire: Right after cakes saved me i'll potentially hurt K.
Iascaire: i'll move the fire guy.
Iascaire: With the teleport up to there and that'll be a deck save for Kate and the two guys that were.
OK.
Iascaire: But it'll probably will those two guys.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, one this top one here, makes it safe the bottom one fell that say these ones are a little bit beefier.
Iascaire: Kate Kate save so 10 damage to the one that are 20 damage the one that failed.
Delwath: Are these also trees are they fire.
Timothy Sackton: they're also trees yeah that actually kills this one.
Iascaire: and keep safe no damage at all.
Timothy Sackton: And the one that's a positive image okay.
Timothy Sackton: All right, that's pretty effective clearing out some.
Timothy Sackton: rotten wood there.
Iascaire: was an hour right didn't hurt any my buddies OK.
Iascaire: that's it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay bars bars are sort of stock running around not sure what to do one of them's like getting ready to just charge to the fire here how much damage they take if they run through the fire.
Iascaire: I don't take 31 if they don't it's.
Timothy Sackton: Okay it's actually just going to run through.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, but being resistant to fire, it takes half that so.
Timothy Sackton: This one's still running down over this way.
Timothy Sackton: Are there any of these these ones are just they are fleeing from the fire.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so let's see what new trees appear.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe another big one.
No.
Timothy Sackton: More of these sort of not.
Timothy Sackton: sort of small ash.
Timothy Sackton: Just one more this time appears.
Timothy Sackton: Why did I do three.
Timothy Sackton: appears up here.
Timothy Sackton: And our stats your turn.
Aristaea: i'm.
Aristaea: i'm just gonna.
Aristaea: Attack with my Pike so when.
Aristaea: I got next to me I needed.
Aristaea: needed a hippie kind of turn.
Timothy Sackton: that's.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, these these smaller tree is don't have as toffee bark they don't seem to be so resistant to your slashing your piercing damage.
Aristaea: So I get another attack.
Timothy Sackton: That hits.
Timothy Sackton: Its it's looking pretty women did at this point.
Timothy Sackton: You can estimate or now.
Aristaea: i'm.
Aristaea: Oh yes, that's a Nada spell slots.
Aristaea: Make sure.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so that use a first level spouse lot that adds to the extra damage.
Aristaea: wasn't.
Timothy Sackton: something you use spouse lots to power smites.
Okay.
Aristaea: alright.
Aristaea: So.
Aristaea: roll.
Aristaea: Roll that so we're really.
Aristaea: Just with a dice an eight.
Timothy Sackton: today.
Aristaea: That was two sixes.
Timothy Sackton: um that is enough to kill it.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you stab it with your pocket wriggles a bit and then burst into.
Timothy Sackton: radiant fire, this one is also fleeing the other one already moved okay down with your up.
Delwath: Did you say, it would be.
Delwath: A long restaurant short rest it's a one hour thing to re establish my packs weapon.
Timothy Sackton: one hour yeah.
Delwath: i'm tempted to just.
Delwath: Right well first i'm going to do the shadow piece, what do I need to roll.
Timothy Sackton: Ah first make a strength check.
Timothy Sackton: US Constitution save and a strength jack.
Delwath: That was the con save.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: That was the strength.
Timothy Sackton: It takes two more points of.
Timothy Sackton: New chronic damage.
Timothy Sackton: And it gets the the bracelet it manages to like drop it so that it's now around the things fingers like resting in its palm and next turn is going to be able to pick it up and fly off, but hasn't quite got there yet quite good enough trap REP.
Delwath: Okay um I will ban.
Delwath: i'm just gonna i'll just blast.
Delwath: I got the the almost dead, one first.
Delwath: The 16 hit.
Delwath: yikes.
yeah.
Delwath: That is that a human thing.
Timothy Sackton: that's a swarm of demonic birds burst out of its chest.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: 16 hits yeah.
Delwath: great damage.
Timothy Sackton: Or you blasting.
The.
Delwath: This one.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: This tree damaged kill it.
Timothy Sackton: That one's not winning yet.
Delwath: Oh, I thought, Kate hit this one.
Timothy Sackton: cake killed one.
OK.
Delwath: I will hit it again and do not.
Timothy Sackton: Ask grey.
Iascaire: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: How many hit points does your shadow these top left.
Delwath: 14 now.
Iascaire: I will.
Iascaire: yeah i'll just do produce flame and i'll do this advantage, I guess is that right up against them.
Timothy Sackton: I got.
Iascaire: i'm going against the.
Timothy Sackton: This one here.
Iascaire: Now i'll do the little stick guy on the outside.
Iascaire: looks like you'd be.
Iascaire: 16.
Timothy Sackton: yeah that hats sorry you lost 30 damage credit, but.
Iascaire: that's no big deal.
Timothy Sackton: To have enough to kill the little guy so it person playing with your produce flame.
Iascaire: Okay, and then.
Iascaire: The.
Iascaire: The wildfire will do its normal teleport it will go 510 15.
Iascaire: and in doing so it'll.
Do the.
Timothy Sackton: Roads 19 so that is going to pass.
Iascaire: Its seeds and takes no damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: demonic bore this one now haven't got through the wall of fire runs up against the magic circle and stops here.
Delwath: Who it can still attack you.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no no attack through the magic circle.
Delwath: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But it has disadvantage.
Delwath: As disadvantage.
Delwath: I should just send anything i'm sorry I thought you knew that.
Delwath: I.
Timothy Sackton: didn't know it could attack through the magic circle.
Delwath: magic circle.
Delwath: disadvantages on attack roles you can't cross the barrier.
Delwath: Okay, but you you can't.
Timothy Sackton: But you can still attached to 13 as it tries to Gore you with its tasks.
Timothy Sackton: They may not Mrs.
Timothy Sackton: yeah great okay that ends the demonic bore twig bites are all running so sorry I skipped.
Timothy Sackton: Our staff it's your turn.
Aristaea: i'm.
Aristaea: The money to the poor.
Timothy Sackton: Guy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay that's all you're doing.
Timothy Sackton: yep okay down with your turn go ahead and roll up con save.
Delwath: That okay let's see how we do I can't use my now I don't have anything I can use.
Delwath: Oh good job good job days.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, only take two points of damage.
Delwath: And then can't fly.
Delwath: To make a strength check.
Timothy Sackton: How many points does that i've left.
Delwath: Wait it took six plus two, plus two.
Delwath: yeah I know is it gonna is it gonna teleport it has 10.
Timothy Sackton: One double digits.
Timothy Sackton: By one hip point yeah I can fly.
Okay.
Delwath: it's Bead is 60.
Delwath: A 910 1112 wow.
Delwath: But it didn't use this action, so we can dash right yep so it's gonna fly to like right here and drop the thing on the.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Delwath: that's its action I suck at it, the Gao.
Delwath: yeah I am going to.
Delwath: Man should I just.
Delwath: How far away, is that creature.
Delwath: worth it.
Delwath: we're gonna probably long rest after this right.
Iascaire: So.
Delwath: I mean after this short rest after this.
Aristaea: No long rest get out of the forest go.
Delwath: and
Aristaea: To APP.
Iascaire: I want to do some fishing.
Delwath: yeah that sounds good um.
Delwath: i'm going to cast vanish.
Delwath: On the demon swarm and the other demon here.
Timothy Sackton: On sorry point this this thing.
Delwath: This thing.
Timothy Sackton: You can't see that thing.
Timothy Sackton: Behind the wall fire.
Delwath: Right right right nevermind i'm not gonna kiss I will just blast.
Okay.
Delwath: What does in a weapon hit.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Delwath: They seem that Mrs.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: That is.
Delwath: Five damage.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: ask her you're up.
Delwath: Can you destroy the thing.
Iascaire: Probably do I know if your shadow beast is like, would you be pissed if it burns up now.
Delwath: it's fine it honestly it's just about dead, I could dismiss it, I mean i'll just dismiss it.
Delwath: Whatever I can stop concentrating as an action just enough to feel guilty okay.
Iascaire: i'll do.
Iascaire: i'll do burning hands at third level where do.
Delwath: I.
Delwath: mean I can.
Delwath: drop it right there.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you got.
Delwath: To make this complicated.
Iascaire: yeah yeah can I can I hit the little guy beside me to probably.
Timothy Sackton: yep you can hit them both.
Iascaire: Okay, so we're gonna do 130 level burning hands.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it mounts and this thing burns to a CREST.
Delwath: You might want to take.
Iascaire: i'm gonna take a step.
Delwath: yeah I mean you'll take it you'll take a hit so.
Delwath: It would get an opportunity attack so maybe it's not worth taking a step, how can you tell apart, with your.
Iascaire: teleport yeah I can.
Iascaire: Where I really regret not having done it last turn honestly, so this will go here and then we'll tell important it'll have to do it stick safe.
Right.
Delwath: um does anything happened when will thing melts.
Timothy Sackton: i'm about to get to that yeah.
Timothy Sackton: 13.
Iascaire: So it takes it takes a fire.
Iascaire: Or, I guess, for.
Timothy Sackton: These demons are resistant to fire.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so as the.
Timothy Sackton: As the.
Timothy Sackton: As the bracelet melts.
Timothy Sackton: You see kind of rate rushing out of it a.
Timothy Sackton: A bobcat that like runs in a circle ones around you all you each get.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: Once while you are still in the forest and nightmares you can reroll at the 20 that's like one lock.
Timothy Sackton: that'll go away if you leave before us.
Timothy Sackton: And then you also each get your use Ali.
Timothy Sackton: magic item.
Timothy Sackton: And then, as US running around it sort of spirals up.
Timothy Sackton: It and as it does that it sort of um.
Timothy Sackton: let's see it pounces on this thing which gets destroyed, and that it.
Timothy Sackton: It sort of spirals through and into dealt with shields, and for a minute, you see the.
Timothy Sackton: Links form that is painted on the front of it shield, like its mouth it's like head shift.
Timothy Sackton: and its mouth open and it wars.
Timothy Sackton: And it gives a howl and a blast of wind shoots this way knocks this thing back like 20 feet.
Timothy Sackton: But you get the sense like you know getting out of here is the thing to do.
Timothy Sackton: Is these.
Timothy Sackton: These creatures won't be able to follow, far from the demon right.
Timothy Sackton: or not.
Timothy Sackton: They don't disappear, just because the bracelet.
Iascaire: Was it was the yes Ali, you said.
Timothy Sackton: Miss Ali yeah.
Iascaire: cool.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you run.
Timothy Sackton: dashing out of this clearing and getting the sense that there are.
Timothy Sackton: There you almost get the sense that there's like.
Timothy Sackton: Two or three or maybe four hunting cats following behind you and every now and then one sort of peels off and distracts anything that might be chasing you until after about a mile of dashing East you.
Timothy Sackton: pause for a minute in the silence and realize that, for the past 10 minutes past.
Timothy Sackton: Two or three minutes nothing's been following you and you can pause and take a breather and I think, given that it is a little later than I wanted to go we'll stop there for tonight and we'll pick it up in two weeks.
Delwath: sounds good.
Timothy Sackton: But don't take a long rest yet because yeah I don't know if you'll actually get it succeed.
Delwath: What were you expecting.